To our READERS, Trace the vast round of Nature‘s ample fields, Talte ev'ry joy extenfive Fancy yields; Let R—y—ds fill the eye with falfe defires, And make the canvas glow with frigid fires; Lee M—t—r charm the lif?ning fenle in vain, And fill with dying murmurs ev'ry strain; The eye and ear, foon fated with the fealt, Mutt have Variety to pleafe their taille: The joy inéreafes—as the joy’s renew’d, When once the Hero treads our lufcious road, The Path of Love; let Harris be your guide, The timid footitep ne'er fhall move afide HE {miling Tribe of Venus never fhone with more attractive grace ‘than it does now never was the female circle ‘in our peculiar line fo nobly filled up, or better caiculated for filling up 5 or the defire of both giving and receiving plealure ever roufed to a higher pitch than at prefent. We have here endeavoured to fult every appetite, to accommodate every pocket, and to oratify every inclination, If we have ‘de{cended a step too low with fome, we hope and trust the candour of the Reader will mark the paffage filently with a blot, and confider at the fame time, that the purest gold has fome drofs, and that that ( 2 ) drofs will. still be of fome value; and we flatter ourfelves, let the fituation of our Reader be where it may, he fhall not find it a tedious walk to infure himfelf to the f{ummit of his wifhes, to feait the longing appetite with the choicest viands, and owe him leave to.obferve with pleafure, in nearly the words of a modern poet, That e’en the longest winter’s night Seem’d too—too much in haste, HARRIS’s Lis ST @O Pp Cove ENT-GARDEN LADIES. Mrs. M—lls, Titchfield- Street. ¥'d fooner die than wrong fuch gen’rous love s My heart, my grateful heart, confirms the fame:. But Plutus, pow’rful, yellow, glitt’ring God, Has won my foul, unbiafs’d my refolves, And made Variety a pleafing found. m Y the elegance and eoracefulnefs 4 of Mrs. M—lls’s appearance, a Y particular female friend of -her’s “Tntroduced her to a gentleman at Mrs. W——’s, who, finding her a perfon that anfwered his most fanguine expectations, grew at once fo very much enamoured ot her charms, that he made,her a prefent of a very confiderable fum, ‘provided: ‘fhe would live folely with him; fhe readily acceeded to his propolals, and, as I luppole is ufual, {wore eternal gonttancy, B2 though though at the: fanie’ fares. and which is. till the cafe, fhe is in good keeping by | a very elderly gentleman. (whofe name. five bears), who has reached that period of life when the Venus-blood loiters with a very tedious pace:-through the lifelefs tubes, who is now entirely deprived of ‘the natural means of procuring: pleafure, and derives all his joys from the indulcence of fight, os the manual touch of thofe parts which formerly invited a more eager cuest.. Our lady Knew thé value of fuch an innocent old Coger as this too. well to drop his:acquaintanée'y and, ‘not content with two good strings to her bow, has in pofefiion a third; and fo dexteroufly.does fhe. manage all, that no. one finds any reafon to leffen in the least,: their-esteem for her. Provided with three fuch' grand fupports, one would be led to imagine fhe must be fully employed. at home, and fufficiently: fatisfied to prevent her from roaming: but, no! this is not the cafe, fhe is too fond of variety, and too great a flive to the game at ell fours to deny any gentleman that comes; properly fortified, him will fhe receive with all the raptures of unfatiated love, for being only twenty-two, fhe has not Jost the keen edge of amorous tranfport, neither are the eflential parts at ali deprived of their magical power. The liquid eye streams with the maddening fire cf youth; the panting heave, accompanying the quick interrupting figh, fpeaks defire in its fullest tone; and fo mutually does fhe interchange the liquid store at the die-away convulfive moment, that all her foul feems centred in the blifsful: fpot.. She is call, and elegantly: formed in every limbs, of a:beautiful complexion;, which fhe has no oecafion to be in debt. to Art for. Her hair a lovely auburn, flowing down; In wanton ringlets, o’er her glowing breast,. And giving fportive Cupids cool retreat. Fier temper is good; and as her delicacy” of make will not allow her to. be incumbered, fhe takes nothing leis tham papers \ Mifs W—lf—n, No. 27, Duke-Street,. Lincoln’s Inn Fields. Blest with foch: charms, the-fnowy heart would move,. Such melting beauties fovereign claims of love,. She fweetly fmiles, unconfcious of her pow’r, And wih her pleafing chat beguiles each hour. Tt is an: indoubted fast’ fhe mutt pleafe, fhe must charm the hearer and win the foul to exquilite delighit: how: can it be otherwife? Behold her, eyes" drinking their living moisture in cups of the purest hazel, and holding converfe: -with the heart, in fuch a langu uage, the: least meeting glance must immediately. understand 3. behold her. hair, glofiy as. the pearly drops that gild the flowery. ficld when Phoebus first his eastern rays extends, and fost.as turtles down, which. when fuffered ‘to. fport in Nature’s wanton folds, hold all the graces in their. fportive curls; view next her teeth, as. white as the polifhed elephant’ s,. and. beautiful as white s Cheeks from whence.the rofes feek their bloom, And lips fram whence the Zephyrs stcal perfumen:. But all thefe charms united fall very fhort of her mental qualifications, her: lively wit charms the heart, and “makes. her the defirabie’ companion;, her behaviour, which in company never deviates from’ the ‘fri line of medesty, gains her the true(t merit. Her apartments are very genteel, and her drets correiponds with f 1€F perfor. Her profeffional abilities are. not lefs to be prized than her other natural gists; her natural structure in thofe parts “is fo well adapted. that’ it miuit preaie 5 and Every adau Oial Mile provement to enhance the coming pleas. fure our delicate charmer is weil. CONe: verfant in.; Mifs Cl—y, No. 19, Carlifle-Street, Soba.. As decent a ‘afs as you ere fixt your eyes'on, Bat what is one’s meat is anotirer man’s poifon.. This piece of animated clay. wants: not the ‘aid of art to make her thine one of. the most confpicuous in the list of trading nymphs; although fhe cannot be called pretty, Nature has fufficientlyfurnifhed her with-thofe beauties that the nicest hand of Art would’ only deface... Fler want of pride (which is at this age a very rare perfection) fects off to fuperior advantage every feature; her goodnefs. of temper and difpofition act as a fecue rity to her most valuable acquaintance, and her jastnefs of principle gains: hertxe esteem of all' who have the happinels. of knowing her. But one year has this. much envied girl been on the town, fhe full enjoys the pleafure, without the leatt: fariety 5: no licenced fair" during. the honey moon, can charm with. more rape ture,. ture,. or feel the poignant blifs with more: extacy, than this morfel-of clay; neither does fhe with to feel the pleafure finely, every Inviting motion is uled, every lim’ employed, to make the dying tran{ports meet. Her own home is the place where fhe in general choofes’ to fee company, and every vifitor thats paffes the night ia her arms fhe expects will make her three cuineas richer.. Mrs, Efb—st—r, alias D—wf—n. No. 31, Queen-Ann-Sireet East. To touch her lips, or prefs her lillted hands, How the heart flutters, how the breast expands;. To hear her fcold, at once her charms are fled, And ev’ry am’rous thought at once lies dead. This. buxom widow of thirty still retains her hufband’s name, who has been: dead but afew years. Last winter fhe found a very particular friend: in Sir M—.Fl—— gg, and might still have mer with the fame fupport,.had not-her keen: edge for variety cut through every refolution, and obliged him on that account. zo difcard her: fhe is at prefenz in keeping by a Mr. D —, who on certain: occafions takes the: decent liberty of retiring, on which occafion fhe’ does not fcruple making her houfe a houfe of publick intrigue. ‘She is fhort and fat, a I:tle pitted with the fmall- pox, ‘which is only difcoverable inthe morning’; rouge and pearl powder make the rugged paths {mooth in the day-time, which the bufy lips fo readily rob them of at night, Her eyes are black, her hair: of a very dark colour, and we would advife every. lover of the fport, who prefers peace and quietnefs, to keep this lady in a good humour, for fhould her turbulent fpirit once be roufed, it isnot fo eafily quelled’; but as fhe is remarkably fond of pictures, there is nothing wilf qiiet her rage Sooner than two-of George the Third’s. a Mifs Kn—ght, of the fame Houfe:. Till haply wand’ring in the fields of air, Some friend had whifper’d—thou art fair. It is too true, that this generation for: the major part is fond of converting night into. day; this lady takes a particular pleafure in reverfing it, for pay Her a vifit at noon, and you will frequently find. yourfelf in the middle of night. She is fhort and genteely form: ed, a pretty innocent-looking face, ant! a pair of tempting breasts that nineteen biooming autumns have brought to full maturity;; a lively blue eye and flaxey hair;.a pretty referved manner, which adds a particular grace to. every feature, and makes her doubly pleafing, fully verifying Dr. Armstrong::, The coyly yeilded kifs charms most, And gives the most fincere delight 5 3 Cheapnefs offends. Her temper.is {weet, her manners. affa. _bje, and her difpofition good, which js “osten - ‘put to the test by a favourite of cher’s, who -is a furly Boatbuilder, neat Weltminster-Bridge; She is remarkably fond of dancing, and on that account frequents. -most “of. the publick hops, where fhe generally picks up. her fpark, which is no longer a {park-for her, if he as obliged to change the last guinea to pay for coach hire. r Mrs. Gr-—fi-—th, No. 16; Charlotte. Street, Rathbone-Place. Were I the lo.d o’e- this terraquea@us globe, old give the whole for one luxurious night— “T akeided. in thy arsos: nor envyv kings NC a 4 'Their royal fairs; for in thy looks; Such heav’nly beauty, with fach goodnefs dweils, That every charm, an ‘angel can comjnand, Summ’d up in thee==at once falute the heart. A counfellor is fuppofed to be the keeper of this {mart little pleafer, ‘though ic is univerfally known, that in her courte there are many befides the counfellor fuffered to plead; her. court might be termed the court of Common Pleafe, although no Writs of Error are allowed; every member pays his fee. in’ che: fame kind of coin, no coin but one being current there. It is well known, this ady has two particular friends, befides che counfellor; and {O well does fhe contrive matters, that each. in fucceffion enjoys the lovely. fair, and thinks her all his own; fhe fings a good fong, plays the piano forte wich grace and judgment, and is an. accomplifhed dancer. Is‘how in her twenty-fourth year,. not. very tall,; mor yet very fat, neither is the very pretty, but has a very dark. complexion, very black eyes, and: very dark hair, and is of a very pleafing and very good-tetii= per. Whoever wifhies to fee this: very de2 firable girl must behave themfelves’ ifi' a very polite manner, ‘aster’ which kind of treatment fhe has very litthe’ objeétion to gmeet you at any proper houfe of afienas tion, where, with a gow peculiar to herfelf, fhe will give you fuch a treat of volupq UOUS | enjoyment, fuch a feast of amorous delight, chat you fhall fay with: pleafure, in the words of a celebrated Poet, t ) Ungrateful Time to chafe away the night, ‘Did with his fcythe make pinions for his feet, oa \ 2 Mif C—ll—ns; No. 6, Rolls-Buiidings, Fetter-Lane. Sacrifice to her The precious hours,. nor grudge with fuch a mate The {ummer'’s day to tcy, or winter’s night. Now clafp with dying fondnefs in your arms Her yielding wailt; now on. her fwelling. breast Recline your cheek, with eager k.fles prefs - Her ba]my lips, and drinking from her eyes Refistlefs love, the tender flame confefs Inéffable, but by the murm'ring voice Of joy.. 5 This lovely. gil is a native of Exeter, and being thought by. her good parents the rofe, of the garden, received an education perhaps beyond what their circumstances | would then admit of, and pride with im ocence danced hand | hand, | From, a great defire. of becoming ‘Well acquainted with the world, fhe was ‘apprenticed to a milliner of the fame place, Whofe parent hand the first ideas form’d. Scarce fisteen ripening autumns had arrived 'ere ‘Betfy felt the divine influence Nature began to infpire her with. The little flaccid nipples, till now unnoticed, and almost unfeen, began to strut in all: the elegance of infant 4 prime; the heart began to feel their fovereign power, and ‘modest Nature painted the budding dlufh in the centre. Nature’s /ink bee ‘gan no longer to be thought as fuch, ince now another fluid paffed the narrow ‘bounds, and instilled by power instinctive frefh feelings into the whole channel, ‘and: every thought, and every ation, ‘{eemed founded on thofe feelings. Capt. C—ll—s, a land officer (whofe name fhe exchanged her virgin one for) made the first impreffion Nature’s mould ‘was fo eagerly in purfuit of; in confequence of which, in due courfe of time, the fost yielding channel received its ereatest stretch, and at the expence of Betly’ s charaéter a {weet boy was pur‘chafed: an irrevocable stain in our ‘charmer’s eye, which brought her quickly g S to the refolve of indulging thofe feelings, and giving a loofe to thole parts, which fhe looked upon now as man-proof, The refolution was no fooner formed than executed, and here we have her—a {mart brunette, just in the bloom of nineteen, a pretty face, lively piercing eyes, good teeth, the natural rofes still in bloom, very good natured when kept within the bounds of paffion, and as pretty a deg and foot as ever beat time to flent mulic, which Betfy’s modesty always choofes might be laid afide, and the’: sé Affe&tions fee on things above.” She cannot yet be faid to have entirely thrown afide the ufe of the needle, as fhe still loves to thread the eye in the dark, and generally comes to the point first. She may most commonly be found, ‘when evening draws her fable curtain oer; in Cheapfide, and generally wears a large black bonnet. A particular admirer of her’s prevents her from feeing fo much company at home as perhaps inclination prompts her to; but if the sentleman has no objection to a cheap fi de-coucb, for one guinea he may crown his withes. Mis W—ll—ms, First Flocr, No. 93> Charilotte-Street, Rathbone-Place. For lips to lips, and tongue to tongue, Will make a man of fixty young. Yes, “tis Maria! the still fair—still. blooming Maria, whofe form might {tile her the masterpiece of Nature; whofe eyes, of the true cerulean cast (let them: but borrow a little fire from Bacchus), ‘¢ by heavens! fhoot funs;” whofe nec= tar-distilling lips pour fweetest balm; whilst the tost, filent, lingual intercourfe fhoots powerfully through all the frame, and awakes each dormant fenfe. When naked fhe fully verifies Thompfon’s lines:. | - For Lovelinefs. Needs not the foreign aid of Ornament, But is when unadorn’d—adorn’d she molt. © A beautiful chefnut-coloured fringe borders Venus’s partérre; and whether fhe purfues the Grabamatic method from 2: practical knowledge of its increafe of pleafure,-or from motives of cleanlinefs, Or a S a certain preventative,.we will not pretend to fay; but no fooner does fhe. recover new life, but the cold ablutions are {ure to follow. Had fhe lefs pride C 2. _ fhe: BAIN VV NRPS >. ae IN SN EE EBSD OY J~*it is univerfally allowed fhe acts the good night-piece fo ‘well, that provided fhe rifes good-humoured in the morning, and her admirer, unafked, gratifies her pecuniary views (which no.one that was. matter of two guineas could object to,) it is feldom the last night. | Mifs W-——d—fe, No. 2, Plough-Court; Fetter- Lane.: Shall woman, form’d to mould the heart at will, Degrade herfelf below the bestial herd; | Or fo with words diflort her outward form ‘That ev'ry. glance, fudden as nitrous blaze, Shall hatred stamp, and kill the name of woman?’ If this Jady’s mother (who.in general. lives with her) did not receive her education at Billingfgate, a {mall verbal acquaintance with the daughter would foon. place. Neverthelefs, if fuch a pair of: femi-globes that paint maturity 1n its fullest bloffoms; if fuch a fkin as would make the night-born fnew blufh, if fuch. a bloomas would bid the damafk rofe look pale, united with the activity and fprighthnels of eighteen" can afford pleafure;. armed as would bid defiance to any at-tack, and though its antagonist stands {tiff and true to its point, is fure to make him with mutual fatisfaction fhrink from it; if all thefe charms combined: can ferve for temporary enjoyment, here you are fure to meet it; but hufh!-no more, let every charm filently awake the’ fenfe; and pray, my fweet loquacious girl, be mute; my fair amazonian beauty, be still;.nor let thofe martial arms fo osten unrivet that affection your perfonal charms are fure to gain.. Whilfl her temper remains undisturbed by the too volatile effects of the grape, fhe might. with fome degree of propriety be {tiled a good-natured girl. A fingle fire thro’ the bufhes.half a: guinea will purchafe, but a twelve hours encounter under cover will amount to double: the fum.. Mis-Ell—as, No.1, Pirjt Floor, Castieo Court, Chandos-Strect. Hither haste while youth invites, valbey kind Qupid’s prefent voiee.. FR Gv ry fenfe with fost delights, And give thy foul a loofe to joys: ‘Let millions of repeated bliffes prove. That thon-all kindnefs artand J all love, a This This charming girl, wefe it not for being rather fhort, might truly be called the master-piece of Nature; for though. below the f{tandard of Mars, fhe is fo compleatly formed to that of Venus, as -to be a delicious morfel. for thofe who delicht. to ereé? their ffandard in a fost and flowery field, where humid kindly dews are ever ready to fhed their {weets on the manly adventurer, who boldly pufhes on in the amorous combat, tll panting breathlels in the fierce alarm, no longer able to fuflain the conflict, he chufes rather to die inthe gap, and /pend Ins last breath in the fervice of the Cyprian Queen, than to withdraw ‘his weapon from that iervice, while it has one tpark of metal. remaining from hilt to point. Her perfon is what we eall-pretty, and her age in its most improved {tate, without at all verging to decline of years; for fhe is but twenty-four, capable of viving the maturest joys, with all ‘the zest of virgin ripenefs, when frst gratifying the eager-taste, and with all the fpirit and vivacity of ycuth; fhe has a pair:of femi-globes, beautifully fall, with fasticity rebounding to the tenderest prfure,. and fo warm, that without the help of natural electricity they would fet a world om fire, efpecially when added to thelightnings which flafh from a pair of the finest black eyes ever fet as destructive engines in a female head; but which,.. when fostened by the-imaginary or real tranfport, glance the mildest beams, and fwim ine a redundancy of native-fhining fluid. She is of a fair complexion, witht fine flaxen hair, which, whtn unfhackled by the fetters of art, floats in wavy ringlets down a pair of well-formed fhoulders;. her teeth are good, and her temper no. one ever yet: found faule with, as it is perfe€tly {weet and complying; fhe is in good keeping, but: being fond of that. variety fo naturally pleafing to the daughters of frailty, does: not-refufe any vilfitant who 1s able to cover his- approaches 70 hér-covered work, with-one pound one.. Mifs Sm—h, Neo. 28, Berwick-Strees.. The. nymphs like Neteids round her couch wers.: plac’d, ) Where the another. fea-born Venus lay;. She lay, and lean’d her cheek upon her hand,. And catt a,look fo languifhingly fweet; As if, fecure of all beholders hearts, Neglecting fhe could take ’em. Tnis young charmer, for fhe is not yet nast the bloom of eighteen. has {& beautiful’ a: face,. that though here and: there the general ravager of beauty has. lefc his dented marks in a fkin that the: finest tints of the tulip, carnation, or: ‘rofe, blended with the hue of the fairest. Jilly, cannot equal (fo vastly.fuperior is. the vermilion tinge of Nature in. this her choicest and most animated. work ‘over’ all her other,) yet theix effect:is rather’ pleafing than otherwife; and, perhaps. have tempered a blaze of beauty which. without them would have been in{fupportable. Her eves are of that colour. which the celebrated Fielding. has given the heroine of his most admirable work,. and which dart a lustre:peculiar to themfelves. From fuch an eye each look has: power to raife 's -The loofett-wifhes in the chastest heart,” And melt. the foul to all: the thrillings: of unflaked.defire, till quite overpower’ a with the tranfporting. oaze,. the fenfes faint, and. hasten to enjoyment. Her hair is allo black,.of which great ornament Nature has. been lavithly bountiful, for when loofe it flows in unlimited trefies down to her wait; nor are the tendrils of the mofs-covered: grotto:. te o thinner distributed, and thouch not yet { 2 2 bufby, might truly be stiled Black-heath:. ~ how early the thicket of her maidenhead: was penetrated through by. the natural. invader of Midd lefex, v we cannot pretend to fay; most probably, when.it was only. a {mall brake;‘for from its prefent state,. and the extraordinary warmth of the foils. ic must have began to fhoot very. fon, and the mother of ail thines must have opened.the fanguinary fluices in. this delightful channel at an early period. The mount above has a most delicious. {well, as ambitious to receive on its. downy bed (which ‘is. foster.cham can be _ imagined) its {welling rival and antago-. nit; and.it is fo well cloathed, that it may be justly called the Cyprian Grove 3 whilit her breasts are fo fine, and {o fully Shaped, as to entitle her to be stiled ez. bon point in the richest fenfe of the. words; and they have.a fpringinefs that defies any weight whatever of amorous. prefs. Here the voluptuary might revel: In pleafure, better imagined than de f{cribed, in ‘¢ Sost filent rapture and extatic blifs.”. Her: teeth are remarkably fine; fhe is. tall, and fo well proportioned (when you: examine her whole naked figure, which, Y 4% OF fhe will permit you to do if you perform the Cytherean Rites, like an able priest) that fhe might be taken for a fourth Grace, or a breathing animated Venus De Medicis. Her difpofition is remarkably good, fo fweet that it is your own fault if it be foured'; for fhe is posteffed of an uncommon fhare of policenefs, nothing rude or uncourteous in her manner, ” but abounding with civility and good breeding. Her connections are cood, and fhe has a keeper both kind and liberal; notwithstanding which, fhe has no objection to. a fupernumerary gulnea; Mifs W—ll—s, No. 8, Queen- Streets, Golden-Square, Ost will fhe cry, Oh cruel! fye! Oste weeping fay, forbear: Ost fhall her hand Your —— command, And put it.you know where. This true emblem of lufcious love fas not trod the common path above four months. A Counfellor of fome eminence bore away the lovely prize from Hertford, and, aster revelling in F tuxurious lust for three months, lest the dejected fair to depend for fupport on what Dame Fortune fhould throw in her way. Bleffed with a {weet difpofition, armed with an irrelistible eye, that is fhaded by as beautiful a bow as Iris ever formed; good teeth and rofy complexion, bordered by the delicate whitenefs of a lilly; well formed delicate-looking breatts, and just past the feventeenth fummer, fhe cannot fail meeting with a number of admirers, which hitherto fhe has been very choice of, preferring pleafure to profit; at the fame time not entirely throwing afide the latter. She expects three guineas, tf only a brace fhe is happy to pocket the affront. Mifs P—lm—r, First Floor, No. 7, Ruffel-Court. The felf.fame cates Still offer’'d, foon the appetite offend; The most delicious foonett. How happy would it be for the aus thor of this anniverfary publication, could he procute a friend to new-christen the features, that the reader might with lefs fatigue go through this heap of tauto7. Jogy; but as that end 1s not yet ae¢om“plithed, we must'{teer in the old line. An eye must still be an eye, and a tooth a-tooth; Both of which our young Venus, who is now'in her feventeenth year, poffeffes in a fuperlative degree. The latter would strongly. paint to your imagination a cafket ‘of orient pearls; the former of two living diamonds, whofe language fo forcibly invite the Blind‘Boy to the happy cloyster, that there is feldom many fleering moments {pent before an_almost in- voluntary -attack is made. “Her heaving reasts foretel the coming joy; the liquid eye. declares it nearer ° fi lls the interrupted fieh, the fudden gufh of preffure, ‘and involuntary twist of the limbs, fpeaks a flowing of the tide, and the critical oh! bids the filly pen defiance to exprefs. She is tall, and well made, of a lively and {weet difpofition; loves a glais of Madeira, but never takes a glafs in one hand without having prudence in the other, and is particularly careful ‘that the effects of Bacchus fhould not prevent the more fenfible joys of Venus.. ) L) Mifs Al—n, No. 88, Wardour-Streen Forbidding me to follow fhe invites me; This is the mould of which I made the {éx, I gave them but one tongue to fay us nay, And two kind eyes to grant. Here we can prefent our reader with as {weet a man’s woman as: ever the bountiful hand of Nature formed: A pair of black eyes that dart refistlefs fire, that fpeak a language frozen hearts might thaw, and stand as the fweet index to the foul; a pair of {weet pouting lips that demand the burning kis, and never ‘receives it without paying with interest; a complexion that would charm the eye of an anchorite;; a fkin fmooth as monumental alabaster, and white as Alpian fnow, and hair, that fo beautitifully contrast the fkin, that nought but Nature can-equal. Defcend a little lower and behold the femi {now-balls, s* Studded with rofe-buds, and streak'd with ‘© celestial blue 3” That want not the fupport of stays.; whofe truly elastic state never fuffers the preffure, however feveré, to remain, but boldly recovers its tempting {moothnefs. Next take a view of Nature centrally, no folding lapel, no gaping orifice, no horrid gulph is here, but the loving lips tenderly kifs each other, and fhelter from cold a fmall but eafily stretch’d paffage, whofe depth none but the blind boy has liberty to fathom: between the tempting lips the coral-headed tip stands centinel, fheltered by a.raven-coloured bufh, and for one guinea conducts his wellere Cted friend fafe into port. Milfs W—bi—r, No. 23, Short’s Gardens, Drury-Lane. Then he began to rave and tear,. And {wore once more he'd try the fair, To grace his notes he would take care, _ She gave her kind confent; He pitch'd the highest note he could, And kept the stops just where he fhould, Damon, fays fhe, your mufic’s good, And I am quite content, This lady, we are told, is remarkably fond of mufic, and there is no fune within compafs of the flute but fhe plays with the greatest dexterity; fhe is perfect mistrefs of all the graces, is never out in stopping, and is full as well filled in pricking, although her whole mwuuc 1S played in duets, and every duet in a natural key, fhe has not the least objection to two flats; fhe has a variety of notes, and many pleafing airs, and generally choofes the Jowest part; every. fhake anc quaver the feels instinctively,. and fome times has played the fame tune over twice before her partner has gone through it once,. without the least deviation. from true concord; fhe is particularly partial to Tacet’s flute, and knows what the Jpends upon that is in gener al returned y her moving stars are as black and as round as the end of acrochet; 5 no flower that blows is. like her cheek, or /catters. fuch perfume as her breath; no advice can controul ber love, fhe does as foe will with ber fwain, prefles him away to the copfe, puts the Wanton God where the. bee fucks, {oon aster you feel the graceful move, and find bow fweet it is in the woodlands; and fhould it be.in fable night. foe loves to restore the drooping plant, thinks variety is charming, and always. gives one kind kifs before foe parts. Mrs. H—ll, Great St. Andrew's Street. Pleafure wantons in thy arms, > | ¢ 9 q ee A =~ O'er thy cheeks, of rofey bloom; O’er thy lips, that breathe perfume-s. O’er thine eyes, fo fweetly, bright, Darting tost expreffive light. This agreeable Votary.of Venus is just in the gémal age for ripened joy,. being about three and twenty, with a perion Fa‘r as the {fnow-drop of young fpring, And blooming as June's brightest rofe. without the foreign aid of rouge or-pearl.. She has a pair ot fine grey eyes, which. dart, with irrefistible fostnefs, the effufions of a fancy exquifitely tuned to every amorous fenfation, and exprefs fuch a height of feeling in the wifhful look as. can only be felt ‘by an Inamorato, as full of love-fraughr fenfbility as herfelf. Her teeth are good; fhe has hight hair; and her breatts may defy the nicest pen to paint their beautiful proportion, or unconquerable elasticity, with fuch a whitenefs as even Modesty herfelf would blufh. to look at, She is of a moderate stature, not too ungainly-tall, nor yet too. low; and her temper fees to be a remarkably good one. A favourite gentleman vifits her, whom, it is imagined, ha lepase ¢ram che emalimenre bats Loe. other-vifitors. The regions of the Elyfian Bower are well tusted with the fringe of Nature, and no fportfman will think a guinea an object for the liberty of {porting in fuch a manor, and. difcharging his piece in fo delectable a {pot.., Mife W—lt—n, No. 18, Littl Wild-. Strects To arms,.toarms, the Cyrian Queen Here braves the God of War, And, tho’ on back, not backward feen To take his wond’rous-{pear, ) And mele it in—her clafping fold, The fold of rapt'rous burning blifs,. Till quite o’erf{pent in Nature’s mould, She darts frefh vigour with a kifs, If a first-rate {mart little Buck would? with fora mould to cast light-infantry men in, I-would strongly recommend him to Mifs W—I{—n. She has a noble martial difpofition, and would fooner die than be out-rivalled: but independent of ‘that occurrence in their profeffional line, her temper ana difpolition are good, and her abilities between. the fheets are not eafily equalled, excelled they. cannot be. She poilefles a pair of love-fpeaking eyes; a bofom as rich with love’s choicest Ts eraces as iuxurian faney can paint; bur itil fhe cannot be. clafs’d in the train of: first-rate beauties. Carhfle-Houfe and the bread and butter manufa¢tories were her fummer evenings rendezvous: now you are fure to meet her either at the playhoufe or at a, noted houfe in Bow Street, where fhe fits as a mere Zeau trap,. from thence the /itée wild. girl conducts you home,. and as fhe is now in her one and twentieth. year, no one can be puzzled to guels at her demand. Mifs ‘Hl—nt, No. 5, West-Harding Street, Gough-Square. Her pouting lips do breathe ambrofial fiveets, And {weetett balm distil when yours it meets 5. He {welling breasts lie open to the gale, } And teach the lily whitenefs in the vale; On Venus’ mount the wanton graces kip, And cull luxurious fweets from either Kp; This Iufcious-looking lafs formerly acted as lady’s maid in a very creditable tamily, but that wonderful reflecting mirror, the looking-glafs, the nofce teipfum with the women, was every morning and evening very. bufy in painting to our charmer the value of thofe perfonal: ( 3) qualifications Nature had fo lavifhly: besstowed upon her. This mother of all? things had likewife been very bufy with. the mother of all faints, and night-working Fancy, dictated with fuch power and energy the-grand ufe-of that.then bot-ed | of Nature, that fhe did not’ wanta fecond invitation: from. the rofy butler to taste the wonderful Tree of Life: This trade was carried on.in fo publick a. manner, that it foon reached the ears of her miltrefs, who gave’ her. warning,.and_pre-fented to the world a {weet-complexioned girl, with blue {peaking eyes; fine teeth; hair that ought to difdain the ufeof powder, as. it appears to be of the. most cloffy faxen hue;- pouting Ups, that. are always very particularly employed on. certain occafions, just leaving room.forthe velvet tip to dart its magic influence,. and increafe, if poflible, the raprures the ‘Tree of Life fheds in the most fertile Field of Blifs, Hertemper and difpofition correfpond with her perfonal perfections, and her abilities under cover. exceed,. if poffible, both, Mus Mifs Sm—rt, No. —, Charlotte-Street:. Rathbone-Place. Oh! fhe is The lovely chance work master. piece. of Nature, That bluth’d to fee what her own hands had done,. As if, miltaking moulds, fhe, unconcern’d, Had.cast ———— in a form divine, If thefe lines ever. were applicable to: a human being, Mifs Sm—rt can cere. tainly lay clam tothem, She was wn ‘virgined.at Norwich by an officer, who. foon aster was called away. on duty, and nought.. but the great metropolis could then | uffice this beautiful piece. of untue. cored innocence. To defcribe ner whole perfon as it prefents itfelf bids defiance co the most unbounded. stretch of the. mott fertile fancy 3. And if imagination fails beneath the pleafing tafk, Ah! what fhall language do? Ah! how find words Ting’d with fo many colours? No-bloom but Nature’s ever deck’d her cheek—a bloom that Art,. dreffed in its most finifhed ttate, might bluth to look at-eblended with lilies which Nature calls her own. Her forehead bears the pun sup te. exactest medium; and, influenced: by: her temper, never knows a wrinkle. But no feature feems fo expreffible as her’ eye, fparkling in a pool of living chrystal, which never afks a fecond glance te. fecure the heart of a frozen anchorite; where the defire of: pleafing is fo luxurt-. oufly stamped, that even anticipation is. a heaven: but the look, the touch, the{weet refisting touch, the’ inviting fwelling part of the breasts, foon call for the. gratification of fome other fenfe, in the. execution of which, on her part, fhe has. fome peculiarities. No fooner is the {welling engine introduced to quench the. amorous firé but her wanton tricks beein, and fhe will, if poffible, keep him in that well formed state for two hours;. fond of dying, yet never wifhing for death. The twining. of limbs, and’ the filent. * r. language of the tongue, is never forgot;' and although fhe is fo well fkilled in the art of prolonging pleafure, the impetuous, fire of youth; brought to fuch an extacy by the antitaste of her perfonal charms; osten very. quickly diffolve, and difappoint the amorous fair; but. if difappointed {till fhe is not. foiled. If manual friction, from a hand of lilied fosta. nefs 5,1 burning kiffes, imprinted by lips. fraught with nectarious balm" and’ the most alluring fostnefs; if the fragrance of a breath, fweet as fucking infancy, if all thefe united can reanimate the fallen. victim, frefh lite mutt foon-follow. Thus are you obliged to {pend the whole night in amorous rapture. Somnus and Venus never met together on her couch: and {> noble is her difpofition, fo generous her heart, and fo truly free her mind, that money is the least of her thoughts, and fhe has been. osten known to refule when her circumstances strongly demanded. the acceptance. Mifs Kitty W—Id, No. 9, Queenc Anm Street East. You ganky steeple, you stalking staz, Your hufband must come from Brobdignag. Tt is a pity that fo noble a pices could not be preferved folely for thé ufe of his majesty’s grenadiers fhe is very: little fhort of fix. foot, light- coloured hair, a pretty languifhing pair: of blue eyes, a tolerable complexion, which the fmall pox has been rather too cruel in walking over, haying lefe many. prints N\ J Sf go of his footteps behind, a good Roman nofe, and a round chin fost as a fwan‘dewn puff; a carrotty fringe defends Jove’s fierce attacks in the centre, and enables iher to fustain The mutual fhock ‘Of war unhurt for many a well-foughe day.: Mifs H-——-rte—ve, No. 5, Queen-Ann Street East. Fatally fair fhe is, and in her {miles The Graces, little Loves, and young Defires inhabit, And all that gaze upon them are undone. / It is certainly a fact, and the charms of Sally are enough to undoe any man; neither is fhe lefs fkilled in the art of doing, than in that of undoing; fhe does her fupine exercife with the greatest judgment, fond of clofe attacks, always preferring bufh-fighting to any other, and not one of her comrades in the whole corps is more exact in firing a volley, or renews their charge with more agility; her piece is adapted to any ramrod; fhe can enlarge it if too {mall, and with more dexterity reduce the fize if too large; fhe has fine lioht brown hair, fparkling ‘blue eyes, a beautiful neck, which fhe takes no {mall pains in expofing, a good ‘complexion, which fhe does not feem to be indebted to Art for at all; her temper -and difpofition are fludtuating; if her ‘man pleafes her, fhe generally, contrives to pleafe him, and if one guinea could keep her ina good humour, no-perton, T think, could refufe it. ee en a Mifs Sally N—wt—n, at Brown's Hotel, Great Ailie-Street, Goodman’s Fields, Virtue you affe&t, inconstancy you pradiice, ‘And, when your.loofe defires once get dominion, ‘No hungry churl feeds coarfer at a featt, Every rank fool goes down, This pretty piece of deception, this female Fanus, would puzzle the head of an Argus to fee through at first fight, When first fhe is introduced ‘to your ‘company there feems fuch a store of modesty as would do credit to a faint; neither does it aét as athin veil to the face; no vulgar hand is permitted to prefs her _femi-ovals of delight, no indecent lip is {uffered to touch her Dalmy pair, nor is the rude eye fcarcely allowed to feast ilently upon her (1 might fay) matchlets ‘beauty. Her converfation -at.first bor‘ders fo much on Mr. W—{t—y’s doctrine, that you would be led to imagine her one of the chastest of his difciples, ‘and perhaps would remain fo, had not our good friend Bacchus taught us the ufe of the vine, that powerful wonderworking fluid, \ That whets the wit, improves its native force, And gives a pleafant ‘flavour to difcourfe. ‘She never refufes her glafs 5 and {carce has it paffed its fixth circuit, but a vifi-ble alteration in Nature’s works begins O appear; another half dozen. throws off the mafk, and Sally appears, her true felf. The eyes, which before were fident, fpeak language unutterable, and deem to tell herlover that Nature begins to be very bufy with fome other Part. Wler hands, which were before employed as guards to that enticing {pot, are now buty j in making a member fit to stand in the Hoafe of Commons. Wer iwelling breasts, now wilfully expofed to fight, with amorous preffure are inclined to your's 3 nor is the free egrefs of ‘hands to any part denied. Her fathering lips employ their fullest force, and with uns remitting ardor prefs their magic power; \ ~~ ¢ which foon brings her to the height of ciddy rapture, and produces a flame that must that instant be quenched. Tables, chairs, carpet, standing, fitting, any how, fo the end is immediately accomplithed, which on her fide is performed with unparallelled dexterity, no part of the bufy frame under the foul-breathing conflict is unemployed, and fhe has a happy knack of making the chace in general a dead beat. She has a fet of fweetly recular features, a beautiful fkin and complexion, and, though fond of the grape, does not choofe to drink more than procures the wifh’d for effect; poffeffes a temper and dilpofition (from what we have heard and feen of her) that does honour to the fex, Mifs He—th, the fame Place. Bue still che lovely maid impzoves her charms With inward greatnefs, unaffected wifdom, And fanctity of manner. Although this lady cannot be stiled a beauty, still I think fhe well deferves thefe lines of Mr. Addifon’s. Her genuine wit and vivacity, her lively difpofiion, and pretty flow of words, which never pofiefs the least tinge of vulgarity; her truly amiable temper, and furpafling. good-nature, plead in conjunction {fo very powerfully, and add fo many charms to every feature, that you can no longer look without loving. She is now in her twentieth year, with well-formed firm breasts, rather dark complexion, a natural good bloom, a fet of fmall, regularly-placed, white teeth, a little of the crumby cast, which does not extend beyond a defrable plumpnefs, or ceprive her in ded from making a defirable fellow, at which time fhe never wants mutual feeling. Her tongue and eyes have then declined corporeal language, and feem only to di€tate a rapturous cement of fouls. She will repeat the pleafure as osten as you plea/e, but still is osten known to give out first. Mifs N—wt—n, No. 10, Fobnfon’s Court, Fleet-Street. When my folds of blifs unfold Joys too mighty to be told, Taste what extafies they give, Dying raptures taste, and live; NS a Set a Io my ——, difdaining meafure" Come and pour in all thy treafure;. Sost defires that fweetly languifh, Fierce delights that rife to anguih. Ths. lovely litle brunette has what we may call rather a pretty than a fine perfon, and a pair of {peaking hazle eyes throws a certain becomingnels, or je ne: Scat quot, over the delicately-fhaded complexion; for the expreffion which they convey is fred. with all the wantonnefs of untamed defire, and wakes the coldest fenfe to the rapturous delights of Venus, who never had a warmer votary than this voluptuous daughter of pleafure. Her bofom is full zoned, and each living font, fupphed from a thoufand ladti-. ferous tubes, rifes instantaneous to the flichtest touch, and recedes and heaves alternately with the involuntary feelings of the titillating power; her hair is of a dark brown, and thick enough to form fevera] beautiful treffes, which however are not equal to the tusted grove on the mount below; and the well-fhaded borders of the bower of blifs, reared upon two living columns of alabaster, chat would fhame the whitest Parian marble; eben how lovely the contrast! between. thefe fnow-white pillars, the dark umbrageous appearance investing the magic circle, and the ruby tinge on the infide of each parted lip, which" pouting out with incontroulable fenfibility, enclofes the member of.all its joys, in fo right a. direction, there. never needs any pilot to conduct the pinnace to. the very port of blifs. Notwithstanding this, fhe is fo. exceedingly. frifky,.from being fo exquifitely toned in thefe parts, that you will. furely be thrown out of.the /addle, though: ever fo good a rider, and the courfe half won; for enjoyment rifes fo near:to madnefs with her, and the rapturous anguifh: is fo- great, that fhe will endeavour, though against: her will, to wriggle you out of her Sole with her bottom, and at: the fame time give you the most delicious {queezes with her thighs, accompanied with an enchanting twilt of her legs, to drive you further im; and when. the critical “moment is coming, fle contrives to meet the fucculent fhower half way, by pouring down a copious fireaze of the fame /ife-giving fluid from every [pring within ber, ull both lie bathed in. liquid blifs— In extafies too great to laf for ever.. cto | aan A Uf \ Fo 4 This maddening fportive fair one has a: fet of teeth like ivory, is very good natured, and is not in keeping, but lives w.th a friend, who either connives at, or is a stranger to her trade; fhe will bear a flying leap for 10s. 6d. or you may enjoy all her charms, her whole heaven of beauty, the whole live-long night for o D one guinea; a fmall price furely for j joys a Lapland night would be too fhort for. Mifs Fr—m—n, at Barry’s, Hair Dreffer, Queen-Ann. Street East. You may admire the rofes on my cheek, And prefs my lips, which balmy nectar fpeak; Admire my eyes, that beam with liquid fire; My breasts, which pant with fost yet strong defire; Admire my legs; admire my fnowy thighs; But know, my pleafure in the center lies; There prefs with willing force the tumid yuest, And let luxurious fancy paint the rest, An apt motto for this truly amorous girl, who confines her whole pleafure to the central fpot of Nature. Here, if pof-. fible, fhe will keep you constantly employed, nor fpare any pains by manual, lingual, labial invitations, to revivity the fallen member, and with glowing: eagernefs, will quickly ‘bring him to Death’s door, where that is foon his portion. She follows-the bufinefs of man-. tua-making, isa.well-made, tall, brown: girl, and. in her manner remarkably lively., Ten-and-fixpence is her price. Mifs D—v.—s, No. 21, Dartmouth-Row,. W estminster. Made.of the drofs and refufe of a man; Eleav’n took him fleeping when he made her too:. Had man been waking, he had ner confented.. We are fo far advanced in our work now, as to be able to flatter with a tolerable good grace; elfe we could not attempt fo deferving a character as this Eufus Natura, that goes beyond the power of language to exprefs. The tweet vestigcs of the fmali-pox throw fuch a becoming fmoothnefs over the wholeface, the endearing language of the eye, which for brilliancy might vie with the polifhed berring’s, the fize of the face which might claim a kindred to Gog or Miagog, and fuch a fhape that Nature might blufh to own. Her inferior os ( 44 ) is capacious enough to {wallow with the greatest pleafure the largest mor/el, and it does with no {mall “degree of eafe. Her temper, however, is not bad, and can eafily be prevented being fo by the affittance of half-a-cuinea. Mifs K—mb—rly, No. 60, Manfell: Street,. Goodman’s Fields. Her ev’ry. thought, her wifhes and defires, Acree with yours, and burn with mutual fires. & girl just arrived from Coventry, whofe rusticity feems to cloath her youth in Innocence’s drefs; a perfect child of Simplicity, that has not yet deviated from Nature’s path, When Nature called, Sally, all obedience, immediately executed her fummons. The most attracling feature is her eye, which is quite lustfully fparkling. She is x. very willing, amorous bed fellow, and. is never again{t repetition. ( 45 ) Mifs Sm-th, No 14, Wells-street,. Oxford street. With thee fecur’d—I'd {mile at Fortune’s frowns, And all her threats defy, nor court her {miles. A certain great Lord, near Cavendifhfguare, has had in |poffeffion this lovely prize four years, but not folely. If ‘mutual approbation takes place, and you could wifh to be more clofely connected with this lady, a private inter-. view will be granted at Mr. FI-ll-y’s,. Arlington-street, Piccadilly. She is fhort,. of a fair fkin, and a_ beautiful: complexion. The fier ills, with their bewitching coral pinnacles, are irrefittibly firm, and fpeak their filent languagevery forcibly to the heart. The grove. beneath, fhading the font of life, is drest in fable, and fecures the: iaternal manfion from any fudden attack. She. is generally very expeditious in. dying, therefore we would advife her antagonistto pufh the warm conte with agility, orat will nor be a dead heat. L Fey Mrs, W—st, No. 38, George-Street, Surry Side of Black-Friars Bridge. Warm Fancy flutters with her airy wing, And in my bofom points her madd’ning fling; Nerves my strong purpofe, to unnerve the strength. Of many a man, and lay him at full length. This victozious Amazon, whofe:prowe(s has many a time been tried in the amo rous field, is exceedingly. well calculated, from the streneth of her parts, and ardor of her inclination, to humble the pride of man, and when fhe has him once oa his knees, fhe never fails to make him yield himfelf thoroughly vanquithed, though at the fame time (whether out of infult or no we leave to be determined by thofe who have exgaged her) the will ufe her every endeavour to raz/e her fallen antagonist up again, and-leave no manual inducement unpratticed to make him fand up fliff against her. She is a fine girl, well limbed, a pretty face, and a good figure. The admiffion into her T emple of Venus is a guinea ticket, though, like Doctor Gr—h—m, fhe will not fcruple taking half price, holdine ( 47 ) ing it a very good maxim, that © half a loaf is better than no bread.” Mifs H—l Ils, alias G—rd—n; No. 12, Wells- Street. Behold thofeeyes, that fwimin humid fires, And trace her wanton thoughts and young defires Taste thofe {weet lips, with balmy nectar fraught, And all the rich luxuriancy of thought; Prefs her fost bofom—feat of {welling joy, Whofe charms invite the rofy-pinion’d Boy Who, fluttering here, may point th’ unerring dart, Flafh in each eye, and revel in each heart; Till bolder grown, your hand infatiate rove— O’er her delightful mount and {pertive GROVE: Then all his limbs unbound, her girdle loofe, There’s nothing you can afk her—the'll refufe. The above lines, from one of the warmest and most elegant poets Fancy ever favoured, might be very justly applied to this charming girl. Rich with the glow of youth, and the charms of a perion in which Nature has been lavifhly bountiful, fhe poffeffes a mind rarely, very rarely met with in the frail daughters of Pleafure. Ce erous, freehearted. C 43) hearted, noble, feeling, and difinterest. ‘ed, might.appear to be too high-founding epithets for a woman of this-defcription. But however strange, ’tis not lefs strange than true; for fhe poffefies quadities, which the want of micht make many a titled dame, poffefled of that fincle virtue (or at least appearing to poflefs: iit,) that fhe has unfortunately Jost—blufh, for they may all, with the strictest truth, be applied to her. Here then may the man come (nay we advife‘him to,) who wifhes, in the morning. fucceeding a delicious night, to find his perfon and his purfe fafe, the price lest to his liberaliry, and his health uninjured—-let him here repair, and tafe ‘every joy the most lufcious defire can ‘with. Here poverty need not be de terred from coming, fo long as it is joined to the principles of a Gentleman, for ‘fhe will not fhut the door againit a ‘ouineas—or even Jefs—thus circumstanced. Mis ~~ re e Mifs R—ch—rds, Queen fireet. Give me but rhee, I’d make a heav’n of earth, Each night fhould give to newsborn pleafure irth, The fax of joy fhould po/zt continual 7002, Ande’en an age of Noah pals too foon. This fortunate fair, who is now in keeping by a Templer, mace her appear ance fome little time fince as a dancer at Drury Lane Theatre 3 her agility and perion operated {o powerfully on ine paffions of one of the managers of the, Opera Houfe, that for one fingle TUTE in her own apartment for gne night, the procured an annuity of twenty pounds during her hfe. She is now.a pretty plump lafs, in her eighteenth year, whote breasts, rich with the tempting fostnels of down, filled with the mot. refistable firmnefs, whofe panting redundancy foon invite the amorous encounter, and calls into action the till now didden friend, whofe /welling pride and impertinence will no longer fufier the c#rtazx to remain drawn. She perhaps at first will feem to chide, but bolt the door, and then all chiding ceafes, an experienced fofa lends the failefs aid, her twining limbs enhance the coming pleasure, “and fiching kiffes crown the golden minute: her fair complexion charms the heart; her wick. ed_cerulean eyes enchant the foul; her well made form tempt the touch, and her gloffy flaxen hair is worth five guineas an hour to look at. Mrs. H—gh—s, at an Upbolsterer’s Ruffel-street, Bloomfbury. ét Bear me but to her, then fail me if ye can,” There are none of the fons of pleafure can vie with the mercantile line for taste in the amorous banquet... This lacy enerofles the attention of one folely, but we cannot return him the compliment, by reverfing the fentence. Her com. plexion, which is very good, her hair and eyes, which are remarkably engaping, her stature, which fhows in medio confistit virtis, united with a difpofition, which guarded by her good fente, keeps her mind in perfect ferenity, will not allow her to trade ceatrally under ten pounds. She is in general to be met with at a public hop in King- street, and frequents Mrs. W—st—n’s, where hr EICPANCE UD APES Ahi ee ONE peculiar, as to place her beyond—far beyond the majority of the Cyprian train. Mifs L—ly, alias Sm—th, Charlotte Street, Rathbone Place. Here youth and beauty, dancing hand in hand Perform their mystic round of amorous joy. Even an officer of the Guards with all his bewitching power, his fhow of arms, his awful countenance, his martial figure, his war-like voice, could not confifie this amorous virago, on which account, it is generally believed, he lest her, and now fhe trades the independant woman. Her large dark eyes open fuch a field for Jove, that whilst they remain in their pre-— fent lustre, fhe cannot be without admirers. Her fhape is elegant; although fhe cannot be termed a glutton, {till fhe is an epicure, and is fondest of that meal. where four haunches are ferved up at once; in her company they are fure to be -dreffed in taste, for fhe always chufes to:. fpit them. herfelf;. her price for turning, cook is. three or four guineas, be 7: Mrso r Mrs. Atk—nf---n, Poland -street, the corner of Portland - street. Toil all the night, and at the approach of morn, When tir’d Nature culls aloud for rest, The wanton fair, a Rranger to fatigue, With enger fondnefs will renew the fport. Would the amorous devotee with us to fay more, perhaps he requires perfonal eharms 3; even then he will not be difap. pointed. She is tall, and her fioure ipeaks true elegance; and as fhe has teen at least twenty-feven fprings, the. cannot be a novice. An 4d: de-Camp Jately from. abroad, devotes most of thofe moments intended for the fair fex, in her company; fhe neverthelefs has her noon and evening excurfions occafionally, and enjoys as much pleafure ina fre/h picce, as a failor does afcer a two years voyage; her love of variety, and her atachment to the /port is fo very prevalent, that provided the gentleman’s pocket is fufficiently armed, there is no reafon to fear fhe then will meet him midway with true rapture, will grafp the pointed weapon with female fortitude, and urge him Home with fingular delight, lefen his: pride with becoming dignity, and. afk re-peated pleafure. Mrs. S Cc Mp. Vil find you warto fkirmith-every night,. And pratice every turn of amorous fight 5 In /uch fweet fingle combats hand to hand, ’Gainst which no woman that is wife will stands: My champion I'll encounter breast to breast,. Tho’ I were fure to fall and be o’er prest,Happier than. Paris in the zenith of his voluptuous pleafure, might the man. think. himfelf who: can encircle in his: arms, and be in: full poffeffion. of the charming perfon osthis beautiful Flelen; for, with the advantage of fuperior height. to mostof.her fex, being remarkably tall. and gracefully made, fhe has a fkin which would not fuffer rhe icast diminution, if put in comparifon with that of the celebrated dame of antiquity, whofe name: we have jest given her.. The fimiittuce will hetd good in’ many orher refpects; for like herfhe 1s of a most amorous condtitution; hike her thoroughly devoted to the Cyprian deity. * Warm as the heart by Cupid newly stung, Sweet as the flowers where bees of Hybla hung, Like her fhe has. an irrefistible eye, ca. pable of firing the most torpid imagination with as fierce defire, as a torch dipped in the ever- burning flame upon the altar of Venus can kindle, and when once roufed, can raife it to that unbearable pitch, that it must be quenched in the blifsful font hid within the centre of her bewitching grove; Lixe her too, the pouting lips, rich with more than fancy can exprefs, invite the ardorous kits, and the panting fwelling breast full of the involuntary fighs of excefs of plea fure, folicit the endearing clafp of manly pleafure, whilst the titillation of nature in her favourite /pot below, feelingly call for the Priapian weapon to receive it in het Sheath at its most powerful thrust up 10 the hit;-and like her fhe is perfect mistre’s of the pert, and can manage any weight- An adept herfelf, there is no one fitter to initiate the young officiating priest in the deepest mysteries of his office. She has fine hair and teeth; at the spely luicious age of twenty-five, andonly 35 months on the town, having lived fome vears with Mr. Gern—<I!I. at whofe death fhe found herfelf rewarded with one hundred pounds per annum. She may be had by applying at Mrs. W -st-s" Berkley-fireet 5 and thofe who. have e7joyed ber in the strong embrace think five guineas not illy bestowed; which wher preffed upon her, fhe will make as weak a refistance to receiving, as fhe does to: the amorous joys they are the price of. Mifs J—n—s, No. 55, Great Portland Sireet. «© Let Nature empty her whole quiver in. me" «¢ T have a part, which like an ample fhield, 46 Can take in all, and yet leave room for more.”” This lady formerly went by the name. of P e, and affumed the name fhe at prefent goes by, from motives of concealment in her /portive profefion, in which fhe drives a good trade, and is very much liked by the deaux e/prits of the age, for her fpunk, being remarkably full of Cyprian fpirit, many degrees above any proof it has ever been. put to.: fo that for the power of ber parts, and active ability fhe could match Turk Gregory; and when fhe had him in her tenacious arms he might perform the amorous féat within the magic circle of. her charmas, till evern strength like his. was /pent, and nature: quite exhausted of all her batmy store; whilst the, untired,. and fpringing from. the bed,. would atk a frefe attack, and: still give pleafure in the warm embrace.. She is of a. middle fize, good fkin, and: well. made, agreeably chatty and lively in her converfation, and: has fome fmalk: fhare. of vocal powers, which fhe will. give ’a very pleafing fpecimen of when defired. She has no pretenfions to beauty, but founds her claims to public favour on. internal merit;. and her capacity and. kill in the rites of Venus, appealing. ra-ther to the fenfe of scuch than that of fight. She is about twenty-three years of | age, and can be had at any time at Stirling’s, Covent-garden, for one pound one.. Mrs.. Th—-rnb—ry, No. 28, Titchfields Strees Miutchlefs Terne in the 7: J of love, Where ost thy fons their amorous vigour:prove; Nor lefs thy daughters---and behold cne here Comes boldly on---A Cyprian Volunteer.. This Hibernian nymph, with a fpirit not inferior to that of her countrymen, has fhewn her patrioti{m and liberakty. of fentiment in opening her port, and. exercifing a free trade with all who chutes to bring their commodities to her market s when the, without referve, unlocks her orand refervoir of natural productions, and pours out all her stores in exchanges. She uncerstands /o/s and gain exceedingly well, and the more her émports are, and the nearer they anfiwer her exports, the greater her fatisfaction; though fhe docs not confine her hopes of accumulating wealth merely to ‘this kind of commerce, but frequents the gaming tables, efpe= cially the fathionable one of EQ. ane other proof of her defpifing the authority of Englith magistrates, as well as of being fand of p/ay in every refpect. Asa volunteer in the field of Venus, fhe pere. forms her manuat evolutions in the come pleate(t and most foldierly manner; and will be under arms a whole night without quitting the ground, She is, in fhort, a very fine woman, in all the bloom of amorous nineteen, and lived fome little time with a Captain of the name fhe bears, from whom fhe has been feparated only halfa year, and now trades upon her own bottom on the wide common of independence. She has not lost her native brogue, and may be found at: = Ce ae f F her. lodgings abovementioned, where a ‘brace of fhiners will enfure you the poff{effion of charms above their value, cent. per cent. a Milfs W—ll=ms, No. 4, Cafle-ireet, Oxford-fireet. 66 Methinks I wifhand with, for what I know not 3 sé But Mill I withe.-yet if J had that woman, 66 She, I believe, could tell me waz I with for,” Should the Man of Pleafure take a nocturnal ramble into this lady’s lodgeings, and be happy enough to find her at home alene, he need net with himfelf for that night under the influence of any other star than that of Venus; as fhe will very agreeably make the dulce¢ hours to pafs away with the mufic of love, and beat time to its f/ent harmony, in all the Juxury of fost delight. She is of a good complexion, with a fair fkin, dark blue eyes, which beam inexpreffibly {weet s dark hair, and good teeth. Upon a general view of her perfon, we pronounce her father pretty. She is tall and very genteely fhaped, and her temper fo good". that ine neglects nothing to pleaie her vifitors; and if fhe likes them, to induce them to continue their acquaintance. Her price is from three guineas, upwards to any fum the gentleman fhe obliges thinks fhe merits, which at the blooming age of nineteen, and only fix months on the town, cannot be fmall. She frequents No. 2, Sutton-street, Soho. —_. Mrs, J—hnf—n, No. 87, Portland-street Thou cant not fee one wrinkle in my brow, My eyes, tho’ dark, are bright and quick in turning; | My beauty as the fpring doth yearly grow, My ficth is fost and plump, my marrow burning. It is not to be wondered at, the notice which a Jady who has long ereéfed her jiandard in the field of pleafure, attracts from the veterans in the fame field. This is the cafe with our heroine, now about thirty years of age, tall, and a fine fioure, handfome, of a fair complexion, with good teeth, and very fine dark hair and eyes. Indeed fhe has been a very fine handfome woman, and is now far from being in her wane of beauty. She poffeffes a fmall annuity. has been on th. N a f face, nor has fhe yet thrown - by: the fock and buikin 3 but is at prefent engaged to play in most of the bye plays at the Haymarket. Her hairis ‘remarkably beautiful, and of fuch a leneth, as to be able to be interwoven, when let down, with her once maidenhead thicket, now grown to a fine du/hy arbor, furrounding the dli/sful cell of the Blind Sovereion of wanton fports, where he reigns predominant over every fenfe, and fibjects all the restto that of feelig. Here he keeps his court, and holds his revels. Come then ye followers of Comus, plunge your burning plough /bares within the bewitching circle, and flake the hot breathing of untain’d defire. tere dance the round of joy, till fenfe grows giddy in the maze, and taste the delicious traniports of maddening g delight, till ** panting nature firiking the alarm, * proclaims a 4ying paufe to her own mufic,' and pours forth the flood of mingled rapture. She has good breasts, and her limbs are finely turned, and well proportioned. She is of a very good difpofition, and is kept by an old gentleman in the city; but being fond ‘of the glow of youth, and the many embrace of full vigour, “the indulecs variety. and has 4a various price e NT UO. a) - can t Mi Th =mp—n, ‘ab Brown's Hotel,:. Goodman’s- Fields. cn Reglin’d upon a. couch che maiden lays, _ And all her Virgin Charms expos’d, to v1ew.$ | I faw them all, unfeen, and in her eyes Read the mad language of untaught defire, s ~ ‘She has a Brown Hotel of ‘er own, fituated in the midéle of Good-}Voman’s Fields: it was formerly at ‘the bottom of Maiden-lane, you now pafs down Snows bill, through Hare-court, immediately into Exchange- alley, ‘then it is impoffible to mistake the road. You are no fooner enfered the, premiffes, but the reckoning is call’d for, and fo pretty a method has fhe of demanding it, that what you do /pend fut be done with pleafure, and altho” fhe gives full change always, uniefs you take particular care, you’ will find your purfe quite empty when you depart. Just arrived at the tempting ripe age of twenty-two, with little fparkling “blue eyes; her breasts rather full, but not lets firm very fair, and contrasted beautifully by the blue branching veins which furround every part: apparently light brown hair, but fo covered with powder, thar the colonr is doubtful = cand teeth. k “4 & rather fhort, of a very {prightly and amorous difpofition, and a. very: warm. femper, efpecially when ¢emspered by Bacchus. I forgot to inform you, although fhe in gencral gives full change, the never gives any out of a guinea. Mifs Br—n, Vauxhall-walk, Lambeth. » Behold the female pedant in her fchool, How {mooth her brow, yet abfolure her rule The aged boy well: pleas’d admires the rod, Smiles at its pain, and stiles ic birchen god. The word fympathy, no doubt acts very powerfully upon the fenfible mind; but can any fympathetic pleafure be derived, when the caufe we apply to pronce that effect in others, would operate in a direct oppofite manner on ourfelves >? I fhould imagine not; but we will leave that matter to be decided by Mifs Br—n, who for fome few years has practifed the flogging art with great fuccefs; can rouze the loitering Venus in their veins with peculiar dexterity, and can convert old, decrepid, inanimate mortals, into children, with astonifhing magical tenderay a TWP.... FF...* PP 2... a ae * ar?) 7 man nature; how contradictofy, to virility, to fee a man, who to judge of by external appearances, had fcarcely patled the meridian of life, undergoing the birchen difcipline of a fchool-boy, by the hand of a {prightly girl of twenty, whom ' youth might call his daughter, isa fight 100 difguiting to nature to /ast long. But this is not her fole fupports fhe loves the clofe warm embrace, and handles the iiving rod with as much {kill, or more, than the dead one, and places it in a ‘very oppofite direction, bathing him in the choicest gists of nature, til! worn /e/s with fatigue, he is obliged to quit the Jufcious banquet. She is a true Brunette, semarkably lively, chatty, and fhews a decal of good fenfe in converfation; very black’ love-fpeaking eyes, breasts replete with en bon point, which fwell forth in all the tufcroufnels of full fraught womanhood, and never fail by gentle fwellings and recedings, to: tell the vifitor of the Cy prian grotto, that every thing is ready tor his receptance; and if her lover fhould chance to leave two guineas behind him in the morning, although her honesty, generofity, or good nature was ‘never doubted" its two to one if ever fhe feturns them. vv ~ —_ ‘Mrs. N=v—ll, Red-lon-fyucr bo o O deeperlut than bottomlefs conceit Can comprehend in still imagination 5 Drunken defire must vomithis receit, er he can fee his own abomination. Whoever has an appetite to a piece of fenfuality, as fenflal as his heart can with, let him repair to this Lady’s stand-. ard. For eny other charms.than that of. perfon, the bas no pretenfigns.to, being of a very indifferent temper, haughty, inefolent, and lewd to a degrce; infomuch. that her common ‘converlation i is difgutte. ing to any.man of the least refinement in: his pleafures. She played at the Haymarket, Mat-o’-th’-Mint, in the Beggar’s. Opera, under.the name of Mifs Lyon.. She is twenty-five years of age, ef a middling, stature, very plain, and the. fmall-pox has lest,a number of unpleafing dells i In a face otherwife, nota very agrees, able one. Her eyes’ and hair.are of a. darkifh hue, and fhe has good’ teeth. She is kept by a Gentleman of her prefent name, though her propenfity to the {port is fuch, as to induce her to be molt wantonly inconstant on any.terms, running all lengths, and minding no rifque to cet a frefh morfel of raw felk. which fhe devours with the greedinefs of a glut Mrs. Li—a, at Mrs. Kelly’s, Arungtonera “Street, Piccadilly. Ye votaries of Venus hither come; Come ye voluptuous co this blifsful Featt; Here taste the {welling bow! of poignant joy; Efere crown your revels, here your wifhes crown 3 Here quench your amorous flume in Pleafure’ slap, Unbind her Czttus, and diffolve in Love: This truly agreeable girl has every charm that can feast the fenfe of the nicest voluptuary, and warn an anchorite with defires which Nature never meant to pafs. ungratified; her countenance is beauti- fully opea and engaging, expreffively featured, and a bloom furpafimg every thing but what is bestowed by Narure on. the choicest amonest the fairest of creatton, beyond the liveliest tints which unfold their beauties to: the fun of all her vegetable tribe; and above, far above the delicate strokes of a Guido, the -glow= ing colouring of a Titian, or the breathing foul-fpeaking language of a Thom» fon. Her stature is rather above mediocrity" and fo finely formed and well prox GOMES portiored, that every limb, taken either. feparatcly or together, difplay a fymmetry equalled by fews fo that as the inimitable statue of the Venus De Medicis is refoited to from the whole world of {culpture, thofe artists who are curious in animated beauty, would do well to vifit this living Venus, warm with the genial current of vigorous health, and rich with the generous virality of full blown youths; to prefs her balmy lip, where nectar ever hangs; to pratify the tatte of thirst itfelf; to mix their eager limbs with bers, and catch the burning elow of amorous feeling, in all the twin-, ings of luxuriant love—till fired. by the maddening tranfport of unutterable fenfation—they haflento the joy: then her {preading thighs divide to receive the sumid guest, and prefent to his exquifice touch two lovely pouting portals, which tenderly meet, and feem to _kifs each other, and unite to keep out the cold and fhelter the delicate structure of the internal part of the manjfion from ine jury—But at the powerful touch of this welcome vifitant, they unfold as to theit rightful lord, and invest him with all the powers belonging to the place, which honor Aown allite treastrree Aster heine entered fometime into the Cyprian cabinet, in the fanttum fanorum of the: building, the delight this occafions, can. only be felt ds no. language can_deforibe: fuch extaly For whe can paint like Nature. The grove however round: it, we cans fpeak of, as one of the best.ever fported: in. by the Wanton Bay, and the mofs— crowned mount above, might well be called Mount Pleafant, an excellent Field: to Graze-Inn,. which your nag. might have the liberty of grazing in a whole. night for a guinea. Mis. H—zz—d, No. 11, Gough-/quares. Give me a nymph with all her-charms,. A full grown nymph to fill my arms, And leave to them,.that cannot feel—. The infipid. Things they call genteel. Strange it is, but not lefs truethan strange, that Englifimen in general have a preat itch for variety; and according to our promiffory note in the preface; we here prefent.them with one of the - finest, fattest ficures, as fully finithed for ¢ 68 j} fart and frolick,as fertile Fancy ever forme ed—fraught with every melting charm that can be found in the field of Venus. Forcunate for him, whofe fortune furnifhes him with this fate, that in the midst of Hazzard, he fhall be in no danger, though abfolutely duried in ir, he fhall know no fear; that tho’ over beimed by allits power, ‘thal rett perfectly tecure in its very arms; and not only rest fecure, but fhall be even fupremely happy amidst its inmof# felds; for how.can he be otherwife than happy, inthe pof.feffion of fuch full grown beauties? Can you conceive the lightest tints of an Itahian fky? Such then her eyes. Can you ficure to your imagination the fwelling ripenefs of two tempting cherries? Such then her lips. Can you place before your eyes two beds of down for wanton Cupids to {port on? Such.then her breasts. Would you wifh for an ambufh for fome of their more wanton. brothers to play at hide and feek in Shew them her Cyprian mount. lave youa defire toroll in the loofe lufcious lap of /p-inviting luxury? Spend an hour in her arms; but take care, for fhe would not for a guinea Mr. Mi77ed fhould catch von there. Mrs. H-tr-ngt—n, No. 4, Greékfiree, Sebo. © ik L TEN What pleafes one man will Adt-fo another, This fancies one lafs, and- c Hat’s 3 fond of vother. Something or other attracting | 1S. always fure. to be ‘found in every Woman of Pleafure: in fome it is the fparkling fire, or the liquid gleam of the love {peaking eye; in fome, the bewitching fmile,.o F the pouting richnefs of the dimpled tip. in fome, the whitenefs of a bofom"fhore-; breathing with delight, or the inviting fostnels of Nature’s femi globes; whilst in others,. it.is-the wanton-trefles of their fine flowing hair, curling in amorous ringlets around their necks; or to be more voluptuous, the luxuriancy of the grove beneath, and the redundant growth: of hair which fo agreeably adorn and defend the pleafing Mosn¢t of Venus from the rude fhocks of impetuous invafion, and. which twining round the ruby por tals of Cusid’s grotto, forms a delighttul bed for tac root of the tree cf life, or the tempting invigorating Jee! of a fost, plump, fwelling thigh, Which of thefe attrace tions draw this indy her admirers, we @annot pretend to fay; but this we are certain-of, that it cannot be all of: them Qnited. She is rather fhort, rather pretty, and rather good-natured — when _pleafed; about twentystwo years of dge, of a -fair' complexion, dark brown. hair, grey eyes, good teeth, and not in keepme, bue lived lately wich a Mr. H— of Richmond; fhe fings, and is a very agreeable converfation-piece when the pleafes, Whoever has a fuperfluous two guineas in his pocket, and 1s difpofed to Jay chem out here, will meet a-very coz dial feception, Mrs. Q—tr—=ng—n. Here native elegance was made to dwelt, With Beauty feated in her rofy lap, Mingling their fweers with fuch a tasteful hand, That fulleblown art grows pallid at the fight. Such then her parts expofed—her Aidden gists Claim just pre-emimence---fince void of thee } Superior fenfe ungratified remains. This blooming actrefs, whofe beauty: and elegance fo justly correfpond with her taste, has been initiatéd on the {tage of Love for fome time; her history we are unacquainted with, bur: from, the knowledge we have of her pyefent-conneéions, we imagine. fhe mutt have received a genteel education, Some. time, back: the was [O be met-with at almost every public place. df entettainment, and. Acarge was there one noted houfe of intrigue at the west end of the town, but our heroine was perfectly well. acquainted. with 3 in. thafe, her early days fhe never stooped’ below. the polite man, or the man of. fathion: among st her then. numerous votaries, Mr. C Ww feemed to fhew her the, greatest io Jjgo, partiality, nor did her affection for. -him-at, that time feem lefs; he grew at length fo far enamoured, as to remove, her from her, lodzings, to his own houfe near Portland Place, where fhe now refides, and {ports away in all the elegance of a woman in the first line of fafhion; fhe commands a, feparate carriage of her own, with its neceflary appendages, and never forgets to make her fplendid appearance at thé fafhionable hours in Hyde Park:- two: etey ponies, with long tails, whifk her along in a pheton of the truest raste, During this noon-tide excurfion, fhould the Blind God throw a powerful glance from the eye of a first-rate beau, whole YN 4% FF, iiodesty is’ ‘not J fo oreat'as to overpower his inclination; ‘t the least nod of approbation'would foon’ stop the’ carriage, ‘and an ‘almost fpontaneous dro op of the step invite hitmto a wearer acquaihtance, where fhe never has’ the’ least objection’ to an amorous parley, or “making any affignation correfpondent with her dignity. Mrs.“'W+—-n’s is the fhrine where her offerings of love are gentrally ferved ups there unresttained, fhe indulges: her wanton appetite’ to’ its"titmiost * feope, “nor feels fatiety’ fo ‘foon as many of the fisterhood: her’ wilting: paramour will ever find her aims open to ‘receive the ‘repeated embrace; and iwhilst he retains the power of giving pleafure, ‘fhe is fure to poffefs the fame in return. | 7: ‘Prefing with burning lips the quick return, Or, with enraptured folds frefh blifs invite. ‘Her. perfon and figure is remarkably elegant, a good complexion, and lively foeaking eyes, and of a temper. and -difpofition that a ten-pound note will generally preferve unrufiled, S d ¢ Mts. F-orr—r, No. 2, Broad fire; Carnaby Markets Nor belus nor pill Do their orders fulfill, Fmztic, cathartic, all prove but im vaia; Nor lotions, nor blisters, Can act as affisters, Or remove from my heart this fcarce durable pain, This pain tho’ {carce durable, Is not incurable, ‘Without chymistry, botany, phy: fic or fae, Arbor Vite well try’d, In the centre apply’d, As an A&or Specific will cure in a crack, A daughter of Efculapius now prefents herfelf to our view, as good a {iprig of bore-bound as ever was adorned by Maiden-hair, The has but one mortar which. fhe can adapt to any pestle, and although it is not marble, it stands raifed on two pillars that might fhame the whitest, and mock the fmoothest alabaster: it is eleven months fince the prode of nature lacerated the virgin orifice, fince which time - fhe has pretty constantly ufed a balfamic inyeflion to keen the narts pronerly d7fend-d. L /# J) She is now in keeping by a foreigner, from whom fhe has learned: fomething of the French Tongue, whofe generofity, however extenfive it may be, does not fuffice this lover of variety, who is now a blooming piece in her twentieth year; has received a good education, and fhews, herfelf quite the accomplifhed, well-bred woman, of a fwett, affable difpofition, and one whofe manners and converfation. make her an excellent companion, and has.procured: her tany valuable acquaintance: independent of her converfable abilities, we are informed, her proficiency in the trade of love is not Jefs commendable, and ever wifhing ta preferve the honour of the female flag untarnifhed, fhe never takes a thing in band, fet. her undertaking be ever fo great, but her antagonist is ture to fhrink from his. purpofe; but her amicable difpofition is fuch, and fhe is fo confcious at the fame time of her abilities as a counfellor, that unlefs fhe is feed-with a fum fuperior to five pounds, although fhe wifhes the cau/fe to be pleaded.in court a fecond time, fhe will not fuffer it to be brought on till the fee is paid. _ Di le N75 7) Mifs M—fl—y, No. 28, Warwick-street, Golden Square.. Although this lady is. at prefent in good keeping" her natural afnorous inclination, together with. her love of money, entirely: over-balances, every duty fubfervient to a ‘keeper; with a heart fraught with every lufcious fenfibility, furcharged with all the fire-a fon of Venus by Bacchus, could beinfpired with, fhe treads the ample field of love; nor can fo lovely a face be destitute of admirers; fhe meets with a number, but is rather choice of her favors; no giddy rakes, no flirting fop, or coxcomb vain, can meet in her embraces; prudence and diferetion fhe keeps constantly in view; dee licacy and politenefs is her characteristic. ‘Her figure is good, her features cone junctively taken, form what is termed:a handfome face; fine dark brown hair, hazle eyes, and a very pretty fet of teeth. Fraught with all thefe perfections, and in all the bloom of womanhood, who can. think any fum from two te five guineas, too. much. Tr» WA ee. 7 6 F Mre. Wh—te, corner of Goodge-fired" Charlotte-strest. TMy Sifeart’s my own, and fo’s my hand, And light and free as air they rove, No Power on Earth fhatl one command, No mortal e’er preferve my Love. As fweettvariety is not a tredfon, I'll love to day, to-morrow I'll forget, And every well-fed fith that comes in feafon, Without controul fhall play within my xef, No wonder the great fcarcity of mos rey prevails, when fuch attractions as thefe are to be found; for. that man must be quite void of fenfibility, that wouid not part with money or life to attain the poffefon of fuch charms as thefe, which is ‘Rot confined to the meer gratification of a fenfual appetite, or the tranfcient beauties of perfonal perfection. Her mental charms fecure the heart as foon as her perfonal charms have won it. Her stature is fhort, but every limb is weil proportioned, and just poffefles that fweet degree of plumpnefs that makes a defirable pillow, without being deprived of thofe abilities that conflitute the good bedfellow. Lord S—~——y, and most ef his bottle companions,. are not unac quainted with her. This heir’ apparent’ to the first dukedom in the kingdom;. like his father, is a true Bacchanalian, and: loves- to join Venus with Bacchus. Amonest the number. of his favourites this lady j is fuppofed to stand. first in big esteem, neither is-fhe in lefs esttination in theeyes of hiscompanions. Her face is: compofed of fuch {weet, regular features, that united, form.a continual {mile upon the countenance. - If any gentleman has. three guineas more in his pocket than he knows what to do with, and would with: to devote it to the rites of.Venus, by vifiting the Shakefpear, or No. 2, Sutton: Street, they may meet this defirable girl whofe company they never will have the least reafon to regret being in, nor will: they meet with one. whofe integrity and: honour are more to be depended:on.. Mis. H lls, No. 12,. Weils-street.Ts the facrifice made fit, Puth him forward to the pit,. Puth the standing victiin on,. And when the noble deed.is done, Draw. the bull of Venus-out, And stroke him up fcr corker bout, 4, 79 ) This fprightly priestefs of Venus has been initiated fome time in the mysteries of the Goddefs; we judge her to be at least five-and-twenty, of a dark complexion, rather fhort, dark brown hair and eye brows, which are remarkably fine, with fuch a pair of black eyes as would foil the diamond of its lustre, and do more exe. cution than a thoufand officers of justice at the home firoke.,*they are remarkably brilliant in their water, and fhed fuch rays of delight as pierce the foul. of the dying gazer, and melt him down to the. genial tranfport; her breafis are well formed (thoygh rather fmall) to contribute to the joy, and will fwell-with emulation to rival the fullest pair. in the amorous conflict. She is actively wanton in awaking or heightening every. pleafure her temple affords, and though backward. in receiving the offerings, yet loves to receive the good things fecretly and in the fulie® manner, for which her fanétum fan&orum is admirably adapted. Hear temper is not to be found fault with, fo very good natured indeed, as never torefufe a guinea oblation from any of her facrificers. Rife Mifs M—rt—1, No..62,. Newman fireets. What e’er the man. of pleafure would command: Wherein a mistrefs blefs’d with every charm May thew her fondnefs, and make known herdove,. And then with, kind. embracements,. tempting: kiffes, Sink her declining head into his befom, And afk wath filent words,--a@ woman's gist, Which, being clofe conveyed: beneath: her fhife And harbour’d in the port of full detight,. She'll pour profufely all her Liquid flore. In, the year fixty-eight,. when: Mra. Wilkes.was in the zenith of his glory" and it was.the fafhion to-have the natural, imperfection: of the. city patriot, this Cys prian may-pole (for: fhe is very tall). would have needed:no garland to fet heroff to the best advantage, but.the oblique glance of her- eye would’ have drawn. many admirers g/tde to -an-amorous fete: a téte, and have induced them to ca/the metal in as.finely formed a mould asever contained a grenadier in embryo. but in the prefent era of eighty-three,. however numerous the difciples of.Dr. Squintum may. be, the taste of the Boz: Vivants of the age require fomething more to be ferved up than. ‘* neck retorted and oblique regard,” to pleafe their lufcious palates 3 and if they do, here they will not be’ difappointed; for fhe is a very vivacious agreeable girl, with all the vivid fire of untamed youth fhooting through her veins, and electrifying not only her whole frame, but the coldest and most non-electric body that can come in contact with her; the fhock. however, is fo: potenantly rapturous, thac ke who has once bathed in her Eh/ian fountain, would wifh to repeat the luxuriant /ave,. and gratify every fenfe with unutterable blifs.. Her eyes, independent of their involuntary propenfity, are beautifully fparkling, and though dark, beam: a torrent of light at every potent glance. She has good teeth;. her bréasts are in the fullest proportion, and will rebound with the most.grateful ardor to the hand’s fost preffure. For fuch a girl, furely a gui; nea is the merest trifle to a man of. pleafure. Mifs G—pp—r, No. 4,. York- - firees: Middlefex Hofpital. What pity ’tis, fo finea face and form,. Should fuer pride, the cankerworm of joy, That beauty to deform. If a warm fon of Bacchus, fluthed witli; the fullnefs. of defire inipetuous. would C Sr ) wifh to melt a haughty temper dawn to the standard of all complying love, fer him repair to this imperious beauty, for however proud, fhe wil] stoop to conquer any bold invader; and you may fay her on her back by clofing with her in the athletic exercife of wrestling, as fhe is very fond of Cupid’s Jug, and the amasous Jock, and will wait your further attack with becoming fpirit, and engage your champion of her ving, with the rafp of a Lais, till he is reduced to ben beneath the powerful /queeze, and yield all the weal he has about him to his circling antagonist, who, fo far from behaving ungenerous, will give out in exchange, as much, or more rich treafure of another coin, in token of mutual amity; in fhort fhe is a very fine girl, tho” of ahaughty turn; of a middle fize, and {weetly fizeable in the middle; has her own furniture, and pretends to be kepe by a Mr. KR—mb—e, but has no objection to ferve any customer that knows how to deal with her with liberality and honour. Mifs Mis St—w—rt, at Mr. Da—s’s, Unter Street, (iddlefex Hofpitas, In the middle of me You. plainly may fee, A thing that will fuit every. saan 3 And when you are in ity The eritien] minute, Enfure as fat as you ent This little demi-rep is of a brows cast, with rather a coarfe complexion; but her fprightly manner, livelinefs of difpofition, and activity in the-fports of Venus, make her fo defirable a_bedfellow, that her magic ring 1s as much fought aster as the philofopber’s flone; has good hair and teeth, a plump, round, firm breast, and confined merely as an object to fenfual defire, poffeffes every qualification a fenfualist cam defire. We wifh we could fay as much of her temper, which is that of a perfect virago, and like Shakefpeare’s Shrew, fhe will box your ears, if you have not the method of quelling every storm fhe raifes ‘by a louder tempest. It.will fubfide, however, immediately, at one golden touch of Plutus. Mifs P—tt, No. 3, Swead’s-coart, Piecadilys. Not Czfar’s emprefs would fhe deign to prove 3 No: make her mistrefs to the man fhe loves. Love, free as air, at fight of human ties,. Spreads his light wings, and in a moment: flieo g Let wealth, let honour wait the wedded dame, August her deed, and facred be her tame; Before {trong paflion all thofe views remove, Fame, Wealth, and Honor, what are ye to Love? At the lufcious age of twenty, an apreeable nymph in all the bloom of:womanhood, cannot fail of pleafing the most difficult, and of warming even constitutional coldnefs into genial pleafure. Such then. is Mifs P—tt, and fuch the is, that every young defire might here be nurfed to tran{fport, for never was a richer bed for them to revel in, than the {welling fostnels of her. downy body; her breasts filled with the milky tubes of nature, and warm with the vital current of each purple vein, rife into two fuch femi-globes S that the happy pofleffor of their world of fweets, need not envy a Cefar the more capacious earthly globe; for how {uperior is love to ambition, and the pofleffion of a lovely objec for one nicht, fiands higher in the eye of pleafure, than to wield the {ceptre of the greatest monarchy for a year.— What can equal the. suimid fceptre of amorous delight? nothing in the charming Sally’s eye, the roly ‘tints of whofe cheeks, and the pout‘tmg ruby of her delicately parted lips mock the whole aflemblage of the gay creation, and defy the fairest of the fair to vie with them. She has expreffive dark eyes, (in one of which there is aw agreeable cast); brown hair, and teeth, though fomewhat irregular, not -altogether unpleafing. She is of a majestic height, mild temper, and of a most generous difpofition; fo that the true v Otary of the Cyprian God, and full of the liquid balm, need not be detered from vifiting her, from any pecuniary fear, Mifs Kitty L—mb—rt, York - frreet; Middlefex Hofpital. Hast thou beheld a frefher, fweeter nymph, Such war of white and red within her cheeks, What {tars do fpangle Heaven with fo much beauty As thofe two eyes become that heavenly face; Fair lovely girl, well thou thefe names deferv it, Sweet Kate! embrace her for her beauty’s fake. At the ripened age of twenty-two, the lovely Kitty prefents us with a face, form, and difpofition, well worth the attention of a zaturaliff{. She is of a fair complexion, light brown hair, which waves in many a graceful ringlet, when not confined in the rigid band of fafhion; has good teeth, and her eyes, though grey, might vie with the most glorious dawn of morning, from its mild-breaking clouds of greyifh hue, to the mott expanded brightest colours of the rainbow; they {peak, indeed, the language of love, and beam unutterable fostnefs: fhe is fomewhat fhort of stature, but of the most tempting ez bon point s—plump breasts, which in whitenefs furpafs the driven fnow, and melt the. most fnowy of mankind to rapture.—For the enjoyment of fuch charms as thefe, and the converfational intercourfe with a teniper remarkable good, one pound one cannot be a bar. Mifs B—I], No. 5, Compton-street, Sobo. For ’tis in vain to guefs At women by appearances; ‘They paint and patch their imperfeétions Of intellectual complexions, And daub their tempers o’er with wafhes As artificial as their faces. Thefe lines of Butler’s may, withoue the least deviation from truth, be properly applied to this overblown November beauty. The horrid footsteps of time, has been very bufy in difplaying its furrows over the whole face, which every morning the youthful hand of art is diligently employed in filling up. A fandy complexion,’ light lifelefs eyes, loofe flaccid breasts, which in fpite of flays fhew their pon-refisting power toa. difgusting degree; no teeth, at least not any expoled to fight; light brown hair; a temper and difpofition “which I fhould imagine not worth a groat; fhe thinks in conjunction with a magic circle which we know her to have been poflefied of thefe thirty-two yeirs past, to deferve a eunca, Mifs Molly B—tl—r, No. 3, Sweaa’se court, Piccadilly. ‘Tis mightiest of the mightiest, and fits upon The thron’d monarch eafser than his Cr Oo W De Tall and genteel, of a mild temper, and a good ¢ lif pofition: large, regularly fet white teeth; light blue eyes 5 Carrots above and below; temipting dps below and above, and whilst you -prefent your lips to one pair, fhe wifhes your nofe to meet the other. ‘This damfel peculiarly skilful in extracting all its iweets; for just as wature is bringing ali her thrilling foul to one part, just as the Jiquid minute is pouring down, her wanton letcherous band with eager but gentle compreffure, fqueezes the circular balis in nature’s treafure bag, and feems to inereafe the non-defcribuble pleafure. ** One nirght’s enyoyment granted, unfolding irefistible new enchanting ar dors,’ 1s worth what? Read the initials. of the last fentence, and you will eafily difcover. ™= o Mifs Molly F—r—y, alias Sofa—y, fame Eoufe. Just at fixteen, the down of nature grew, O’er the fost yielding Zs of crimfon hue; The wanton fire of love began to play, And on her bofom fhew its powerful {way; When two more years had ripen’d every joint; All nature’s power did to the centre point And still continues to point there, never feeking tor a more engaging part than that whofe natural instinct fo forcibly point to that central abode; and well may it point there; the elyfium of avfairy, whofe fair-cye and beautiful complexion, together with firm panting breasts, and bufy hands, are very lovanely employed in inviting the tumid uest to this fairy land of blifs. The two grand fupporters of this manfion always unfold at the approach cf this never unwelcome vifitor, whofe knocking and entrance is generally performed at the fame time; the dando and reddendo game {oon began, which cannot be won but by death. Her stature of the middling fize; her hair of a light glofly brown; her teeth white and regular; and atemper fo four, that not lefs than a pound of the yellowel, 99 2} Mifs P——!, No. 88, Wardour-/treet. In hell,-and earth, and feas,.and heaven above,Love conquersall, and we mutt yield to loves This lady, though an adept in the arr, fo nobly erafes true impudence with falfe modesty, that her lover would be almost led to imagine his chofen fair, (at first fight) an immaculate virgin. The fupreme gufh, the enraptured moment fhe. fo mutually interchanges, or at leatt: feems fo: to do, that fhe might weil be filed the paragon of her (ex; and fo perfectly well convinced is fhe of her own proficiency in the art, (although in fpite of thofe killing luminaries, embellifhed by a tolerable good ikin, fhe ne-ver can-be stiled a beauty), fhe never. will fee herman a fecond time, unlefs: Plutus has fufficiently thewn his power: the. firit. Mifs St——ne. * For all the mroments I have fpent with thee, Y’ll have fo many thoufand burning loves; So (will thy lips,. fo fill me with thy fweetnefs,. Thou fhalt not fleep, nor clofe thy wandering eyes; The fmiling hours. thall.all be lov’d aways. ‘We'll surfeit ali the- night, and languith. all the day. An apt motto for our beautiful. Mary Ann, whom nature feems to have formed folely for love and. pleafure; above the middle stature, but fo well, proportioned, fhe might be stiled fymmetry’s truest fel f; her beautiful complexion and fine fkin, her engaging temper and lively turn of mind, has made her a reigning toast; her languifhing. blue eyes and light coloured hair, whea untortured by art, in loofe negligent treffes, will fhade a neck white as is night-born fnow.; but to behold between the dazzling ringlets the panting protuberances of nature, ramified by a colour of the most enchanting azure, and studded in the centre by a pair of never fading rofe buds, is luxwry enchontine. Ouring tq her name. perhaps, makes her fo remarkahly fond of dying St. Stepben’s death. She is ga nerally to be met with at Mrs. W—on’s" Berkley-stteet. Mrs.. Sm=—-th, New. North-firees.. Methinks when in.thy arms, Or leaning on thy breast, one minute’s more. 4 Than a long thoufand yca;s of vulgar hours.. If the man of pleafure, aster his various: indulgencies in the /ap of /eve, would wifh.to-find the woman: tormed: for do=mestic happinefs,. or fhould his turn of: mind prompt him for the enjoyment of focial converfe, and bid him feek a female of true witand humour, or fhould his amorous difpofition urge him to the. fenfyal raptures af. delightful union, Or fhould His more capacious ideas invite him to feek‘the girl with all thefe gists combined, let: him feck Mrs. Sm—th" whofe. difcretion and ‘prudence, united with the addition of many valuable friends, has enabled her te fave.a confiderable fortune, and be.rather particular myn the choice of her admizers.. Befides the houfe fhe now refidesin, fhe has two other laroee houfes in her poffefion. which fhe Keeps ready furnifhed, and appropriates to. the ufe of thofe ladies,. who: through neceffity, or inclination, tread in. the path of pleafure. Although Mrs.. Sm---th 1s-beyond the game, still the has. ‘not lost the. power of giving, neither is the deprived the power of receiving pleafure: as a companion, fhe is- remarkably jovial; asa bedfellow, remarkably aéfive;. and provided her. companion is-a man: that meets. her approbation, fhe never. lets him depart without a promife of returning: Perhaps he cannot feeure her. love better, than by coming. away ten: pounds lighter than he went. Mifs M—nt—gue, No. 7, Nafau-street.. Oh fhe’s all fostnefs! All melting, mild,.and calm-asa rock’d infant, Nor can you-wake her into cries: by Heaven! She’s the child of Love, and fhe was born in {miles.. Oh may the. giddy. rake, whofe: head overpowered.by the effects of the grape, whole every thought, whofe every. idea hes centered in the pratification of a fenefual appetite; whofe impetuofity indifcriminately rufhes him on to the first ob Soh ehne nvafante herf 1f maw he at rhie his most unguarded hour rest in the arms of this enchanting girl, whofe good-nature, care and attention, might make him reflect with pleafure cn the past folly. in her he’ll meet with every pleafing accomplifhment the heart of man could wifh. Fier natural difpofition, ag. yet remain unvitiated ky ‘the knowledge of the world, or corrupted by the hand of time. She is now in her fixteenth year, with every amorous feeling Nature at this youthful period can furnifh her with; nor is fhe defirons of kecping thofe feelings @ fecret.. Look in her eyes, there read the language of her fow/, for never was f/lent language fo fully feen and felt. She has. -afine open, handfome countenance, tall of itature, and if her man is pleafed with a good fone he wont be difappointed by putting the request to our fweet Betfy, whole gocd-nature is fuch, fhe never refufes. With all thefe qualifications, fay you, fhe cannot be a bad bedfellow; fhe has equal merits in bed, and pleafes there with equal certainty. She is neither covetous, nor will fhe fink below what her teal merits deferve; if aster this, our reader thinks three guineas too much, hehad better steer fome other courfe. If ptoper applications at Mrs. Q——’s. Sut> at a ton-street, Soho, are made, you will noe fail meeting with the lady.? Mifs Sally J—hn—n, Wright's Hotel, Ruffel Street. How dull the fpring of life would prove, Without the kits that waits on love, From youthful lips you fuon receive The richest harvest lips can give, Eloped from her friends in the countrv but a dhort time, flufhed with all the amorous fire of love infatiated, and ripe with every perfonal charm the heart of man could wifh, this pleafing girl enters our list, The freth country bloom still remains unimpaired, the rural vivacity is still the fame, and united witha beautiful fkin and complexion, we can - prefent ous zeaders with a temper and dil pofition that good-nature and affability must call their own. Her teeth are regu Jar and very white; her eyes,of the most lively blue, which, without the least fire from Bacchus, fhoot the most powerful glances; her hair a lovely brown, her breasts are fmall, and never have been futficiently fubjected to manual preflure, to deprive them of their natural firmnels. She is willingly compliant to any liberty in company, that does not extend beyond the bounds of decency; but let nature come forth unadorned, get once the enchanting girl in bed, dhe opens all her charms, and gives a fudden /so/e to fuch a bent of amorous paffon, that would fire the most fnowy. difpofition. When once you prefs her in your eager.arms, the game must instantly begin; and fcarcely does fhe allow an introductory kifs, fo uncurbed is her appetite, and fo fond is fhe of repetition, that very few nightsare paffed in her company but you may fay with Ovid, Corinna knows, when numbering the delight, Not lefs than;zze full tranfports crown’d the night. ‘Mifs B—k—r, Durk’s Head Hotel, Bridges. fireet. Sost as when the cooing dove Woos his mate in vernal bow’rs, Is this purest child of love, When fhe her choicelt treafure pours. Here youth and beauty are combined, and unadorned by education or art, what fhe feels in the amorous encounter, cannot be feigned; her natural fimplicity is yet fo unstained, her knowledge of the world fo very little, that it is almost impoffible for her to diffemble. Her hair, eye_ brows, and eyes, are of the deepest black; her complexion of the rofes red, and her neck and ‘breasts of the purest white; her Jimbs are nobly formed, every joint poffeiles the most enchanting flexibility, which fhe manages with uncommon dexterity, and her Venus mount is fo nobly fortified that fhe has no occafion to dread the frercest attack, nor does fhe; and although fhe is obliged to make fudden 7etreats, her advances follow fo very brifk, and are fo effeétual, that Whene'er fhe quits the field, Writes v:ci on her lovely Jhiclda Milfs Cr—wi—d, No. 7, Cafle-/treet, } Oxford. -strect. Our fouls their former joys renew, We raife new fport and wanton jesting, ur eyes each others charms review, In every form of love contesting;. At last, our bodies warm’d with miutual fire, To prove each others aid, to join ix ons confpire,. This lady poffeffing an agreeable fost vocal pipe, and at the fame time not unconfcious of het own perfonal perfections, made her appearance last yeat on Colman’s Theatre, and acquitted herfelf with tolerable applaufe, efpecially with the beauxs in the fidesboxes, who might, withour being fkilled with the nicett ‘difcernment, difcover the amorous difpofition of this harmonic actrefs. The oblique giance, the lafcivious look, the frequent heave of the breast, fully fpoke her zeward feels ings, nor did they long remain ungratified. ‘The fummit of her withes attained, the quitted the stlage, and now aéis-a part that does not require any previous 7ehearfal.: She is tall, and every limb remarkably well proportioned. Knowing the beauty of her hand ‘and arm. fhe i. > sed v4 takes particular care they fhall not pafg unnoticed for want of being feen; convinced of the delicate proportion of her leo and foot, fhe is very careful that their covering fhall not difcredit them, and has. a pleating knack of keeping them constantly expofed to fight; and being taught by the.eyes of her admirers the influence her neck and breasts command, fhe covers them with fo thin a veil, that the fmallest blue branch is eafily difcovered: could fhe as eafily hide one of her eyes, as fhe expofes her other charms, fhe might then be stiled a piece of perfection. ‘The natural confequences of performing venereal rites, (as it is fuppoted,) has fhed its malign influence over one of thofe {peaking stars, and f{poiled one of the most striking features in the face. There is remaining a few vestiges of the {mall pox, but not enough to difeigure a feature, and if rouge and pearl powder will fill up the indentaticns, the fupply is not wanting. She is in keeping by a gentleman who does not stint her of money, but still, if in the courfe of her walks fhe fhould happen to efpy a guinea or two, the does not fcruple to foop, or even /ay dows to pick it up. | Nite Mifs B—k—r, at Mr. Tr—tt—r’s, Oyl Shop, Surry fide Black Friars Bridge. Oh! let me wander all‘unfeen,. a Beneath the fanttion of her mein 3 As weluct fost, as lillies fair, As honey {weet, as diamonds rare; There pluck the choicest ower of buf, And kiffing die, and dying kifs, For the particular benefit of being thought a kept woman, this. lady has her refidence over the water. Her keeper, as fhe pretends,:is a Mr. G of Lincoln’s Inn, but we are fully fatisfied fhe. is not entirely kept by him, as fhe is never denied to any gentleman that afks in a polite manner for her; and most ~ will find her, when they become familiarly acquainted, a piece not unworthy their notice. She has’ a pretty inviting countenance, ‘dark hair, fine hazle eyes,.and a complexion that draws a pleating line between the brunette and the fair, and blends both in fuch a.manner,.as to make a very pleafing medium. Her lovely.. balf-globes of nature are neverthelefs of the fairest hue, and fo proud of their fitu=. ation, that they never fink below their destined mark; but though they never fall, they osten elevate themfelves in a very pleafing manner, and tell the gazer, invery plain terms, the fituation of Cupia’s cole-bole, whofe embers are now fufficiently warmed, to admit the red-headed torch, which, when buried in her forge, the can at one fingle jfroke mechanically melt down, without much lofs of weight, to avery great lofs of fubstance; and is fo handy, that with the greatest facility, in eenéral, fhe can make him recover his former fioure. Her lodging is filled with her own furniture, fo that if you would with to fay za.any of yours, fhe expects a guinea a night for houfe-room. Milfs Sally’ ——, No. 45, Goodge-freet, ‘This plump, fine lively girl, has but jutt entered ‘her fixteenth year, and promifes to make as good a fportfwoman a§ any inthe Park; fhe manages all her paces with judgment, and though fhe prefers a flying-leap, fhe never yet was foiled at a flanding one; fhe never wifhes to ufe a fpur, neither does fhe chufe riaing in boots, and let the road be ever fo fiony, fhe does not regard it, but-in. ge neral mends her pace.. Her pleafing countenance Wears. a continual {mile, aod her. fine-flaxen hair,’ adds a “grace to: every feature; and: although fo lately ini~ tiated into the trading line, fhe never fails examining her standing acquaintance 3’ for.as fhe never had the /mall pox, the: does. not wifh-to be ixecculated. By crowning her age, you may. eafily guels her price. i) Mifs Grows, No. 12" Goode fireet: And as fhe fit, in raptures on‘his knee, Her hand drew out the tamid monstrous wight 5. Alarm’d fhe /aw,. but withing not to /ee, She op’d her legs---and put dim out of fight. This lady. is very defirous of pleafing’ all her admirers-; and if wanton looks,. if amorous Wwell- prefled kifles, if the mutual intercourfe of the filent language of tongues, can route the dormant fenfe, you: will not complain of any deficiency in. that point. If that will not anfwer, fhe prefents you in a fingular. manner. with a: new language of the eyes, and obliges: you to falute her heaving, panting breatis: af all. thefe attemnpte prove vain the: fcruples not to éxpofe to public view her choicest - treafure, at the fame.time.de-. manding a return of compliment,. which when complied with, fhe finds: no dificult tafk to: revivify 5 fecuring herfelf thus far, fhe never wifhes to lofe time, but instantly begins the game, which fhe chen has im: hee..own hand, and takes care he fhall nat. play, fo as to wina trick. She is. rather talb and very well. made, dark eyes and fine eye-brows, a. dark ‘complexion, which, the improves by the affistance of rouge; is in her 24th year, and wifhes to fee.a guinea the. frst thing; in, the morning. Mrs. T- mk. ns, No. 16, London frees, near Fitzroy-chapel. Well pleas’d at the frolic, fhe laugh’d at-the pain, And wifh’d with more ardor to try z¢-again;. Which when handled. and dandled, and made fit: for ufe,. She puth’d with lefs pain-as the parts were more. loofe 3. Then upping and downing, kind Nature told how,. She cry’d, over-raptur’d" z#does not: hurt now. Very defirous. of being thought by her: admirers raw and unexperienced, though, in reality a. perfect adept in the Schook of Love. “Vhis lady has a pretty little mouth, Which fhe imagines ferves as ani index to its coufin below: bur whoever reads it in that light, is very much mistaken; to be fure fhe has. learned. the wriggling art of pleafing, and would willingly. make her gentleman. believe. wher’ in the Beat of the engagament, that he is. viving her pain; but however large thepremifes may be, the certainly has at-. tained a very pleafing) method: of contracting them, never meeting with ove fhe: could not perfectly well accommodate, from an. imfant’s ihoe" to a Zack boot.—She is. tall, and. rather lusty, a good complexion, and very regular features.; 1s. very lively and cheerful, and as a converlation piece only, could make thetime pafs away very cheerfully, having alively flow of wit, which, accompanied by a tolerable good understanding" makes her steer clear of vulgarity (too. apt to prevail in this age). She is:remark-. ably good-humoured, andwears.a pleafiig: mile upon. her countenance, will drink: a chearful glafs.to George the Third. with pleafure, and: whiltt fhe has thevials in one hand, has no. objection. to. lee his o¢&uyre in the other. Milfs G—rd—r,. No.. 12, -Red-kon-court.. Love's fubtle fluid, and life’s. thrilling:kifs,. Glidé through her frame"and {peak.the coming bhifs, In this. age of gallantry and pleafure, when. epicurifm. is fo much _practifed, and variety fo much fought aster, we are happy in being able to-ferve up a difh. to.every palate, ‘and here prefent the most delicate, with as delicious a one, as can be provided by the hand of luxury itfelf, and stimulate the most languid: appetite to-fall on with the greatest gou;. for in Mifs G—rd—r, 1s comprized, an: epitome of delight. Rather below mediocrity in her fize; fmall featured,. very fprightly, and has an elegant figure, which the is fond of fhewing by wearing a {carlet habit riding drefs, calculated by its clofe investment to difplay the admirable fymetry of each well-turned limb; whilst her head is covered with a brown: beaver, decorated with feathers of the fam. colour. Her hair alfo reflects the fame pleafing hue, and very agreeably -fhades the brightest beauties of her faces, efpecially a foul-piercing eye, though It eo 5 ny oo, es a Cs Py Okey « icc: Ob ry addition of powder.. Her complexion is good, and teeth that needs not the dentist nor his dentifrice; a pair of very pretty breasts, formed for the {welling yielding joy, and to fend the murmuring figh of rapture to the breathing trembling lip; and at the critical junélure of fupreme pleafure, her whole fpirit feems to diffclve within ber, creep through all her frame with exquifitely thrilling lane guor, and pour dows to the centrical point, from every Cyprian foring, a whole flood of figuid life, ‘which the fkilful gardener knows how to avail himfelf of, by jowiag in her gental bed, when fo well edewed and teeming with the tipid moisture, his choicest feed: for the ufe of the foil, however, he is expected to pay a golden price, She keeps the houfe, and has. lived in for above this twelvemonth patt. ) Mifs L-wr-ce, No. 10, Oxford-buildings. Torches are made to light, jewels to wear, Dainties ro taste, freth beauty, for love’s ufe ¢ Herbs for their fmell, and fappy plants to bear § Things kept unnotie'd, are but love’s abufe; Come here and revel then in rich delight, Feait on her charms, and /pevd in blifs the night. Should a man, whofe paffions are fired with the generous glow of luxuriant fen SRURDEA TD OREK ENN RENEE RBI YARN NE ESS nant with the rich streamlets of humaninity—fhould fuch a man, whofe heart is ever open to the most delightful feelings of his nature, be led by the wayward hand ‘of chance, or prompted by the irrefistible ardor of inclination to the arms of this lovely fair, he will find in the delectable embrace, every reciprocal joy that can wind two fouls to extafy. For at the warm inviting age of eighteen, with the flufh of beauty on her cheek, the complexton of a Helen, (being uncommonly pretty), the.graceful stature of a Juno, and eyes the colour of the heavenly blueeyed maid,—like them to penetrating,’ and {weetly affable, (with the additional tendernefs and amorous fportivenefs of the playful queen of Cyprian pleafure, they beam unutterable fostnefs upon the fond enraptured gazer,) fair hair, good teeth, and the difpofition of a Hebe, fhe -cannot fail of pleafing the man of fenfible fenfuality, whofe fenfibility is fo finely inwoven in his temper and constitution as to thrill with the mof poignant fenfation at the flightest touch of the little all-ruling deity, and vibrate with the pulfation of the most pungent sapture. But as. the neceffitics of life can= cannot be fupplied in a vulgar unharmonized world, without the coalition of Plutus with ‘Cupid, a f{prig of the root of all evil is abfolutely neceflary., a Mifs St—nn—r, No. 78, Queen Anne Street, Eat, “s I was as willing to grappic, as he was to board.” This first-rate Frigate of Venus is not afraid of any man of war; if fhe once gets yard arm and ‘yard arm, fhe is fure to engage with the utmost fpirit, and let his weight of metal be ever fo great, fhe will lower his main-yard, and make him firike to her. She has a very capacious hold, fo that if fhe finds a prize deeply laden, fhe will take it all in with pleafure. She is a very handfome, well built, tight little veflel, though her timbers are rae ther of a dark grain; to drop metaphor, (gueffing that all my readers are not nautically verfed,) this pretty agreeable brunette is arrived at the mature age of twenty-four, has a pair of the most expreffive: dark eyes that ever fhot the ¢ 108 J lightning of defire to the impr effible heart, and her beautiful auburn locks are well adapted for the toying fingers of the playful amorofo. She has good teeth, which well understand the pleafing bite; her stature is fhort, but fhe has a plumpnefs very alluring to thofe who love to fee/ what they c/a/p, and in this liking, fhe is not outdone by any, for fhe loves to cla/p the mighty eagine of the wanton boy inits utmott fumidity, and to feel the fulne/s of its force fpend itfelf within ber, which fhe never fails of warmly /aluting, and meeting it with a whole Hgiid broadfide. ‘Her difpofition is fo good, that her antagonist is always fure to be treated aster the engagement in the kindest manner, As fhe never expects to receive lefs than jive liquid broadfides in the night, fo it is her custom to receive jive broadfides of anotber metalin the morning. She lives ‘In an elegant stile, and is fole mistrefs of the houle. Mig Mifs D—ll—w—y, near the Farthing Pye Houfe, St. ‘Mary Le Bone, name on the goor. All breathlefs they disjoin’d---he backwards dresw The /brunk machine, from that fwvect coral mouth Whofe precious taite her thirsty diss well knew, Whereon they furfeit, yet complain of drought; He with her plenty prefs’d, the craving Rill, Revives the dead again- -aguin to hill, This tall, genteel, full grown nymph, 3S a Very defirable bediellow for the warm Jport{man in the Cyprian games; here he _may purfue the durning chace, and traverie the rifing grounds, the pleafant valdeys,; and tusted groves fo richly planted and appropriated to the votaries of Venus, with as much freedom as the amorous fun kitles and plays his melting beams upon every part of the genial earth, and emulate his warmth: as fervently as’ he pleafes, riot in charms, tillevery /fenfe is filled with saddening tranf{port, avd the fierce anguifh of almost unbearable plea _fure call for the eratifving that /fenfe which, like Aaron’s ferpent, fwallows up the rest, and collecting every ray cf fire, is rendered fo impetuous, as to remove every weak barrier with hot impatience, and force at: once-i#to-the magic circle of -all her charms concentered, till frung with the delightful fristion, her “whole ‘frame is bufy to improve and “heighten the ~Ailling joey; hands, lips, eyes, breasts, all confpire to hasten the blifsful death, which, being iz at, he enjoys ‘with unfpeakable pleafure, whilfl the firéains ot fruition pour on both fides from evety /pring ot life, and mingle all its fweets; breathlefs they lie, diffolved in extacy, till recovering /ife, they pané again tor death. She has‘ fair blue eyés, about twenty-four years’ of age, good teeth, and as fweet a pair of brealts as the hand of luxury would with to prefs. Mifé W—lf—n, No. 6, ‘Sutton-street. ‘Every way formed for giving and: receiving pleafure;, fhe is a fund of delight ‘which many a man. would be: happy to -poflefs, though but for a night. She ‘is of a very fair complexion, delicately made, and has a pair-of light blue eyes, which at every tell-tale glance difcovers the wanton ‘wifhes fo predominant in her ‘foul; and invite the b/ind ccral heeded boy \ a 7. 4 into her céoifer of teeming joys, where fhe will entertain him. with as much,{pirit and activity as most of ker fisterhood; fo lavith. indeed. is. fhe, that fhe cares. not how much fhe /peads.upon him, nor will the be at all frugal with refpeét to her: &xest, for The cares not hew much the drains hina of Bis ligwid treafure, but will be content with-eme piece-of the folid Mrs. Berd, Lbanes Place, Temple-bar. Mark my eyes, and as they languith Read. what ‘years Same written there. This is a very genteel made nun, with _ the languifhing eye of an Eloife, like ’ her too, “fhe | is. warm with the fire of love in all its native freedom, which fanned by the amorous air, foon kindtes to a flame that cannot be quenched but by the powerful effects of the Cyprian torrent, which fhe is very fond of being bathed in. She is kept by.a fail-maker, but has no objection to fpreading her /ails to other winds as well as ¢rade ones, provided they blow heavy enough to wast a guinea. N K 2 Mrs, mp Mrs. W—le=r, No, 50, Goodge-/lreet. Wow quick défire hath caught her yielding prey’, And glutton hike, the feeds yet never fillerh 5 Her lips ave conquerors 3 his lips obey, Paying what ranfom the iggelter willeth Whofe vulture thought doth pitch the prize fo ~ high, That the will draw his-————=rieh wreqfure dryo Though at war with France, this nae tion has in general too great a partiality for French manners and fafhions, which the lady in question too much affects, but whether in compliance to her own taste, or that of her profeffed admirers, we cannot tell; barring this frippery, fhe is an aprecable companion for a fportive night, and will play her gert very well, when once heartily engaged; fhe feeds like a glutton on the delicious snorfel, and when. the vivid tube is rendered exaninate, fhe never fails to animate it again with new life and vigor: if the burning breath of unfated defire, the cooing murmurs and foul thrilling kifs can doit. She is rather fhort in stature, fine dark hair and eyes, and good teeth: ‘ XS 6' 5) 7 all the gaiety of twenty-two. Twenty’ One fhillings, however, tranfmutated intc gold, is all fhe defires for a night’ ct lodging in her cpartinent, which fhe wilt take care to make-comfortably pleafing. | Mifs V—ll—rs, at a Perfusmer’ 5 in Fobn= Street, Oxford-K oad, “ Subtle /en/ation darting through the, brain, ‘¢ Die of a rofe in aromatic pain.” What can a heart, fraught with the elowing warmth of luxuriant fenfibility and fired with an ima agination fervent as the day’s. bright luminary, which Nature has impteffed with coloutings all her own, with for more than the full enjeyment of a nymph young, beautiful, and lovely in her difpofition, as well as perfon; teeming with fweets, and {welling with defire too exuberant, too poignant ly fierce to brook confinement. Nothing furely can equal the exquifite delight of corpore... enjoyment, heightened by +t the delicious. imagery of two bufy, lively creative fancy’s, where foul feems' to meet foul, and incorporate with each other; one strong painfully fweet ie ay @ We aes Dee 1 a ney ee oe C ug with the two. lines above, of our harmonious master of melodious. numbers, whilst the grofler fenfes are connected in the fame band of mutual pleafure; 7/velted by every feeling, and giving and receiving unutterable tranfports. ‘© Bodies mingling, fexes dlending, “6 Who fhall. most be &f contending.” Such are.the delights of this blooming girl, this living model of exulting na: ture must give to the man of rich defire,. replete with the full oreathings of volup-. tuous fancy, and highly amorous feelings. Lo defcribe her perfon as it deferves, requires the pen of the author of the fub= lime and beautiful, and. the pencil. of a Reynolds; however, we will just atcempt a minute defcription. She is of an elegant figure, and very.tall; stands on the temptingly inviting verge. ‘of twenty-one" a very handfome perfon,.a fair and. good complexion, dark eyes and hair, white. and, even teeth, a very good difpofition, and has been-only a year and a half on the town; is kept by a citizen, but fees. company. j Tall Tall H—r—t, at Mrs. W—r’s repo _ fitory, King’s-place. Tall H-wr-t forfooth, if an amorous. youth Should chance for to vifit King’s. place" Full of vigorous fre, and flufh’d with defire,. He would rtot---authin her embraces: This tall brunette ts about. four-and= twenty, of an elegant figure, very fhewy. and agreeable, with a fine pair: of dark. VES, Beneath whofe powerful rays young Cupids-play;. And. bafk amidst the blaze of open day / interchanging the fond" the inexpreffible: look of amorous endearment. Her. hair is. alfo dark, of which fhe has.a very. defirable quantity, both above and. below; fhe has good teeth, of a good- natured dif-pofition, very chatty, and fings well, From one guinea, upwards, you may ene. fure the pofleffion of her extenfive charms, as long as pleafure can. five in the. reslerarsed embrace, Carotty Nance, the fame houfe. This carrotty nymph is a mere devil’s imp; Which I fet as a warning b:fore ye; That ye may have the grace, to fhun her embrace, | And now. we proceed to her stury: This golden haired; lafs is abbut twenty, and as pretty a piece of flce/h and blood, as ever came finifhed. from the masterly hand of Nature. She is thort of stature, of a. fair complexion, with datk eyes, good teeth, and a difpofition that could not fail of pleafine, “did the endeavour to make herfelf agreeable by. a fuitable and proper behaviour; but wé are forry to fay ¢hatis ttuly infatnous, as: the is of a bad principle, fond of the most copious and {pirituous draughts of Bacchus in his most fiery quality, (being a great brandy drinkér) and loves: to.take what is called a dry-whét. She fwears. most abominably, and is 4s, @reat a proficient in’ profligate baréfaced indecencv,. as Meffalina of antient Rome.. We fet. her up as a beacon, whom we would wifh our youth to fhun as they would: destruction, Her price, however, for thofe who chufe to' venture on her, is. ~k OP st OD Mifs J—hnf—n, or S—mpf—n, /ately at No..87, Portland fireet, Qut now in. the Rules of the Fleet. Her lipe to mine how osten hath-fhe join’d, Between each kifs her oaths of true love {wearing; How many tales to pleafe me hath fhe coin’d, Dreading my love, the lofe thereof fill fearing, Yetin che midi efull her pure protestings, Ber fuith, her oaths, her tears, and allgweré jeite Ingo. -. It is pity that che mof charming part of the creation, the delight of mankind, and the fweetners of human life, whofe beauty enlivens and calls forth every fens fation of the foul, exhilerates the fpirits, wakes every latent {pring into attion, throws a lustre upon, and enlightens thote fcenes which would otherwife be morofe and gloomy, and fheds a fost emanation. on the mind of man, fweetly harmonizing it to-downy pleafure, and moulding: the warm heart to every genial joy. It is pity that fuch powerful, pleafing, and endearing qualities, fhould have for their alloy fuch an unpleafing, difgusting, and ungrateful one, as inconsta: acy and capricioufnefs, too generally the concomittanr attannanr nn qha fow Clank o O one, unfortunately for herfelf, is the fair in‘ question, who- was reduced! from.-a ‘fate of grandeur. to her prefent fituation, by the natural inconstancy. of” her difpofition; too openly abufing the kindest keepers, and thofe who would have-maintained’ her in a state of f{plendor, being now gladof any body's favours. ‘Tho? the. is’tall, and: very well made, of' tolerable beauty, @ very good fkin, fine brown hair;and a’ pair of eyes which outfparkle the diamonds of Golconda, being. really excellent; has.alfo very fine teeth, and is ofa good difpofition, very chatty and converfible;. is a native of Newcastle, and if f He was a male heir to a paternal effate, is just of ageto enjoy it, Mifs W—ll—r, No. 8, Wardour-firect. O' love be moderate, allay: thy extafy, In meafure raix thy joy, fgant this excefs, 1 feel too: much thy bleffing, make it le(s For fear I furteir. Elegance and beauty mark this en. gaging: nymph for their own; with the face of Hebe; and the complexion of a Ninon le Enclos, the eyes ofan Eloife. and the eracefulnefs of the deity » a cf fhe is fo warm a. votary of. She-is fia majcflic height, -has very ¢ cood teeth remarkably even, and is at the | prime age of twenty-two, ‘lowing. with: all the fire of youth and love, and with:allithe exuberance of: boiling health, as: fail: of juice as the ripe cherry, when tempting ‘the taste by its vivid distention, and of vigor as the.goddefs Diana in-the heat of the chafe, fhe.afks that * ju towed: virility that {peaks to feeléngly: bome to the female heart.’ She is kept by.a great. brewer in the.city, but being fond of other beps that the trader. has no. conception of, and which fhe always frequents when he gives. her ah-.opportunity,..attended by a:certain linen draper, whom fhe is very ‘fond of, and always finds a meafure to -anfwer his yard;'‘the fometimes alfo goes to the Bagnios by way of amufement;. her temper is tolerably good whilt folely undex the influence of Venus: but when ~ orice Bacchus interferes his potent fway, it becomes very indifferent; however, by ‘the addition ‘of a third deity, (Plutus, ) ‘arid giving her two or three of his little allpowerful ‘pieces, her brow will be rendered placid, and the may ‘be kept inva very‘éefrable mood. Wirs. L—w—s, No. 19, Compton-freee, So fond of love's game, you never can tame The {pirit inceffant defire, Stirs up in her frame, and blows into a flame You may damp, but not put out the fire. This lady is tall and thin, very fair and delicate, with light eyes and_ hair, good teeth, and a’ {weet difpofition; a face which might be called pretty; and of fuch an age, that fhe might. with “great truth apply to herfelf the fong, ‘ss Time has net thinned my flowing hair.” being only twenty-five. She is not at prefent in Keeping but has met witha flip incidental to.the /ports of Nature, having had a child by a gentleman of her prefent name, who has now lest. her to the fostering hand of a generous public; the fportfmen of which, will find her good game, and ‘though very mettle/oine, eafily run down. She is very fond of getting under cover, where, if the serrier is a vood one, fhe will fhew_excellent ‘port, the enjoyment of which, is well worth a couple of {pare pieces. — \ 7° WAUS DKS, INO. 35 HE & fl bls, ' Seven Dials Beauty and honesty at variance are 3 *Tis hard to find one woman just and fair. A rough hardy failor that has not tasted the fweets of love fince a long voyage, whofe appetite is very keen, might perhaps make a meal heré | but we must be allowed to give him two cautions; fhe is very much pitted with the {mall pox, and is very fubject to a nominal kindred dileatc, which’ fhe is in general difhonest enough to conceal. She always endeavours to fecure the payment before the’ du/imefs is done, and will, if pofible, (if that is the cafe) leave her beau the difappointed Man.: Milfs Gr—ve, alias Mrs. B—rk—n, No. 56, Newman-/trees, Bur now i liv’d, and life was death’s annoy, But now I died, and death was lively joy; Oh thou didst kill me! kill me once again, Tis painful pleafure, Oh! *tis pleafing pain. So clofely watched by her keeper, (whofe gratuity amounts to only four M suineas ( 122 Jj puineas a week) is this fine lafs, that fhe has very few evenings in her own poffeffion. ‘She is tall, and gracefully made; light coloured hair, and just the game; which fhe never plays at for lefs than half-a-guinea. | ee SIT, eee Mifs R—nf—m, at the Bird-cage maker’ Great Newport fireet. Upon the bed fhe lays, as fhe were flain, Will his breath breathed life in her againo An officer in the army engroffes this lady’s attention all the night; fo that whoever wifhes to ewoy ber company must pay his vifit early in the evening, which is the time her favourite man vifits the coffeé-houfe.** She is upon. the whole a defirable piece, and, confidering her bufinefs is generally tranfacted on a couch, acquits herfelf as well as any of the-train. As her customers are-all flying vifitors, fhe does not-expect more than half-a-guinea. _: -_a i-3s> O «~@ Mifs W—ll—ms, at the Pajtry Cook's, the corner of Charles -strees, Covent Garden. Fore’d to confent, but never to obeys “ Panting he lies; the liquid minute pale'dy She feedeth on the feream as on a prey, And-ealle it heavenly moisture, Some ladies. prefer the profit, others the pleafure; fome divide ie equally in their choice, and parhaps there may be among Venus’s tribe, the lady quite indifferent to either, This however, in question, ‘is not of the last flamp; the is: a fine inviting-looking girl, with very lively Cupidinous eyes, and a good complexion,. andnever to be found but in. a good: humour. Her paramour,. provided he can prove himfelf the good bedfellow, has nothing to: fear in. this lady’s compa-. ny; money with: her is-no objeét at all; it is the enjoyment that contstitutes her happinefs,. and: in: that part the is a truly, lovely aétrefs; her twining limbs never forget their office,. her buly lips is mistrefs of the genuine burning kits, and rhe intermediate. parts move in. every. sace yt ~ chat can poffibly enhance the coming SOY, which fhe will powerfully urge a repetition of, as long-as dame Nature can poffibly afford it, ce, Mifs Nancy W—tf—n, No. 38, George Street, Surry fide of Black Friars Bridge. A fummer’s day will feem an hour bue hore, Beir g wasted in fuch time-beguiling fport. Without poffefing any particular ate tracting charms, Nancy pleafes, and has many admirers, Her face is agreeable, without being pretty; fhe 1s well made without being striétly genteel; and a friend to mitth and good humour, with-’ out vulgarity. She carries on a fnug, good trade, without going abroad much; and 1s in bed a very amorous companion, Mifs S—mm—rs, Vauxhall Walk. She trembles at his sale, And on his neck her yoking aams fhe throws, She finketh down, {till hanging on his neck, He on her belly falls, the on her back. A young baronet in this lady’s /pring of life, unrobed her of her virgin /uite: almost as foon as pofleffion was granted? indifference took place; the defire en> tirely vanifhed, and he lest his much de~ jected fair to feek fupport in the wide field of fortune. A good complexions. which is a gist of Nature’s; a lively {parkling blue eye; of a middling fize;. and a remarkable pretty hand and arm, which fhe takes care fhall not be hid, and is when in good fpirits, an excellent Ds. bedfellow.. Owine: tothe Baronet’s- inconstancy, together with the common. cares. of the world,. this‘damfel is. fubyect to great lownefs of fpirits, which in general requires three or four cheerfuli glaffes to diffipate.. Mifs Cl—ke;, Yerk Mire Coffee-boufe, om the Surry fide. of Westminster Bridge. Y?ll be the park, and thou fhali be my deer, Graze where thou wilt, on mountain orin dale, Graze on my lips; and if thofe hills be dry, | Stray lower, where the pleafant fountains lie. Not one bird in the avery of Venus is better calculated for pleafing,. than this’ rolfy cheeked damfel; no borrowed roles tinge her blooming cheek; nolilics but ~ KS OOS J Nature encircle the damafk bed; neither do her: eyes want the affistance of Bacchus, to read the inviting love-tale. She acts at prefent as b ar-maid, but that does ‘pot af as 4 bar to her feeing any gentlemin that has got a fupurfluous guinea to ipare. Milfs Slby, St. Martin s-freet. Here haste ye gay, take pleafure on the wing, Taste all her fweets conjoin’d, nor fcar her sting, This agreeable girl, has a pretty face,. fuffufed with a good complexion; dark penetrating eyes; hair of the fame hue, which lest to Nature, would wave in gloffy wringlets o’er her ‘thoulders; a fet of good teeth; and of a stature inthe exact medium between a giant and a pigmy. Her being in keeping, fhe wifhes.to keep a fecret, but we are too well acquainted with it for it to remain fo. She was a principaf dancer in Ireland last year, and was much admired by the Hibernian men of pleafure: fhe has been only fous mionths in this grand mart of univerfal e9mmerce, and now stands out for a fettlement from fome of her warm admirers, which, (being at the rich age ot twenty,” the prime of female charnas, when. every zest that can enhance enjoyment is at ics full zenith) fhe concludes ought to be -a good one. anh, Mifs K—rby, Long Acre,.the End nexk Drury Lane. O fhame to Nature, beauty’s foul difgrace, The bloom of art fhines full in Nature’s face; Falfe red and white invest fair beauty’s throne, And puts off Art’ s frail colours for her own, It is impoflible to. fay what complexon this lady has; for however Nature may have been deficient in her bloom, fhe is determined to. make it up with that of Art, for whether fhe has.any beauty or no, the extracts the best red and white from the rouge box fhe can find, and: lays it on constantly; fhe has no occafion however, to repair to the dentist, having a good and even fet of teeth; fhe is of a middling stature, with dark eyes and hair; of a good difpofition, and was lately the favourite of a young man of fafhion; fhe looks an honour to the age of thirty, and affects a coynefs very: -~)..f... pleafing to thofe who love to /feel.the delicate incitements ef reluctance; for her ufual method of doing bufine/s is in the most fecret manver, for which her price is as various, as the different methods are of purfuing the fame grand object. 7 Mifs M—rt—n, Charlotte street, Rathbone Place. The glow of youth, the fire of wanton love Spert in her-eye, and rouze the fenfual heart To flrong defire’s unmanageable pitch. So univerfally known, and fo great a favourite’ with the beauxs of fafkion, 1S: this lady, that her defcription is almost needlefs; isdeed; her real merits-and perfections call for a more abler pen than ours to defcribe. Her eyes and hair are of the mostinviting darknefs, her temper and difpofition. good, and her mind replete with the choicest gists of Minerva. She is allowed a genteel maintainance by a Captain, who is not difpleafed at any time, if he finds her three or four guineas richer. than when he lest her, Mile. Vw EF ver > oe EOS OAS O. Wer every glance, like Jove’s vindictive flame, Shoot thro’ the veins, and kindle all the frame. _ A peculiar elegance and taste in dreffing, distinguifhes this daughter of Love. Kder fhape is genteel, and her figure good; her education, indeed, has been but low, which makes her converfation border too much on the vulgar strain’; but if you would with to. find a.guod, bedfellow, independent of most other, charms, this lady, perhaps, mighe fuit. She does not refufe half a guinea. | Mifs H—rr—s, N O.144, Letter-lane. Stampt in her infant state in love's fost mould, Eager the grafps the ever-living prize, Fixing its root deep in that feeling parte If every feature of this lady’s face correfponded with her eyes, we never fhould have thoughtvof recommending her; they are molt indubitably the deade/t-living look that can be imagined; but thanks to good-natured Nox, they are not feen during his reign; thenobler fenfe is then ems is AN. 8 ‘J 00 O. o O t J 90 990 9 Yo o °78%>8 86, oy ae 3 Ce en GUN VOUIERL UATE ECA Gath 3D EAUAETINT, CICS UO: capo with a good grace. Although fhe is one-and-twenty, half the number of fhillings fatisfiés. Mifs enna P—tt, No. 9, Bolton ofiroes; Piesadildy The- pureh child ‘of love by beaury find j Se Whom bur 20 love, need only butte fee 5 r To fee, admire, fuch heav’n-born fymmerry ¢ To touch, to feel, ah there’s the potent hold That chains the will, and molds the fnowy heart. Fo love’ sdelightful glow; so-ethe milky hills ‘Half rifing" half fuppreffed, with glowing ardov. Aik corporeal. preffure" and invite The carzal weapon to its burning 7 fheath. The choicest of Venus’s youthful train, with her fitter, are. natives of VVYolverhampton,_in Staffordfhire, and in confequence of a trivial fall out. with their parents, (which they had long fought for,). lest their home;, and. flufhed wits { all the fire of: youth ‘impetuous, burning with every defire the young hand,of lust could create, and still frangers,. except jn idea, ‘to the grand. fubduer..of, their fires, “they fought this, expanded field. of delight, nor, fought in vain: their youth and beauty foon attracted the eyes of two male veterans in our band, and their rustic innocence and fimplicity were foon overpoweréd’; and e’er they had been intown twice twenty-four hours, their virgin flowers were pluck’d. Hannah, the lively girl in question, is lovely beyond deicription. No painted rofes_arnament her cheek; no borrowed lillies deck her’ fhowy fkin; every feature is, beautifully regular and {triking. Her, hair the most- glofly flaxen; ‘her vaim most delicately proportioned, ‘¢ and white as delicate, and fmall as white.’ Her {now white hillocks,. with their rofy tips, stand - gracefully distinet, With youl, ils enrghbieg: on; thy lawlefs BAZEye me yee ag, eed In- full luxuriance gt rr ae q 1 —— The thinly covered: cot ‘below: ‘Has not yet fuficiently felt’ the genial influence of its much fought for acqdnintance, to be And thro? the flender. SANK, “alternately 5 very thickly covered.. Still fhe thinks it proof against any attack, nor fears to meet the most vigorous, tho’ destitute of every other weapon. She is at prefent under the patronage of Mrs. W—n, who does not admit a -vifitor without a very gen+ reel compliment. Mifs Sukey P—tt, in the fame Hou/e. ‘Her look ferene does purest fostnefs wear, The face exclaims her fairest of the fair. Sukey, though perhaps not fo beautifully formed as her fister, is not in.bed ‘the lefs defirable girl Now just arrived at the zenith of perfection, devoid of art, and mannefs as yet untutored by fafhion, her charms have for their zest every addition rural fimplicicy can add. She has beauty without pride, elegance without affectation, and inmocence without diffimulation; and not -‘kriowing how long this train of perfections will last, we would advife our reader to make hay whilst the fun thines. HARRIS now takes his leave of the public for this year, thankful for their past favours, for which he could not bet+ ter fhew his gratitude, than by making unufual exertions to procure them novelty and variety.. He-has studioufly endeavoured to warn them of fuch Ladies as may be deemed un/afe, and is peculiarly happy that he can now announce to them a /ure prefervative againtt any venereal infection. A truly learned gentleman of the faculty has for above thirty years experienced by himfelf and his friends, that, guarded by this, the foulest woman may be enjoyed with perfect fecurity; and Harris has, by much intreaty, prevailed on him to fuffer this valuable prefervative to be fold at his bookfeller’s, where this list is publithed. It is true that fome things of a fimilar kind are offered to the public, but the difference is eafily perceived. Their remedies are to be ufed aster enjoyment, to {top the progrefs of infection; but THIS, being to be ufed Jefore, prevents ats attack; and does not fuffer any venom to enter the delicate pores. Add to this, that i¢ does not in the least blunt Lnarcl ~ ( 134 ) Senfation, but rather adds to the humanizing extacy. It.is ordered to be fold: in tin boxes of $s. 6d.-and ros. 6d. each, with printed directions for its ufe.— Harris affures his ‘readers" he has proved its efficacy himfelf, and doubts not but thofe who prefer prevention to a painful cure, will thank him for this antelligence. c~)