Now nature ceeming with frefh ardor, grace ’ The Britifh Ifle, frefh glow the wanton face, Phe {peaking eye, {weet cell-tale of the mind,. Level bewitching beams and unconfin’d oo Dart all their magic force, the full orb’d break; Replete uprifing gives the full ton’d zest ‘To am’rous joy, awakes the dormant hours, And calls to action all love’s genial powers ¢ Then freely fport the lovely nighe away, Let Venus beauty’s yoddefs hold her fway 3 And Harvis, thro’ her tender path fhall lead Unhure the youch, unhurt che once {weet maid. VW VARIETY was ever allow’d to be the foul of life; variety not only in the choice of feenes, not only in the freth fupply of pleafures to amufe the fiyht, or dainties to gratify the caste; burt in the grand, thegreat, the most fenfible of all enjoyments, °° the delights of Venus,” This is our province, for this we fearch the inmost recefles of her abode; for this we travel over her most public or her mok private walks; whether the choofes to Alenrall aon che mnie ee ee |, Vatnn i’ cmd anon gum Jaw beak BISR VUULD S465 AAG) UGE Sti We 5 Moa air, her every paré Ite open to your view 3 her virtues clouhed io virtues nicest garb her vices drefs’d in just form af vice. Our list appearing annually, we have iz in our power to fele& the most beautiful, and particularly thofe that feem the mofk pleas’d with that refin’d fenfation, that wantonly and mutually enjoy the extatic Alife, cetusn with equal Vigor, with equal ferfibility, che mecling Joower, And figh for fizh, the ga/pizg torrent pour. This as thy trade, O Harris! this thy dear employment; this thy fole enjoyment; let the more infignificant mere chant look happily o’er his hoard, og drink pleafure from his yearly income; give me my lafsand my glafs, Lam then happy; J am then content; and now grown a proficient in the trade of love, employ my whole thoughts in fafely conducting the unwary youth thro’ her inericate wiles, teach him how to fhun dire Scilla’s rock, and fafely harbour 10 the. elyfian fields, ’ i BARR IS’s LES FE OF _COVENT-GARDEN LADIES. Mrs. W—fh—t, Noo 37, Quecn Abn Street, Ho Be Mail facred flame, fole fweerner thou of lifes Sost pleafures fire, fair beauty’s elder born AML pow’rtul love;. thou, sor time, nor piace,’ Wor aughe while jolly health prevails, can stem Thy mighty torrent; how without thine aid, «. Thy powerful aid, would fluggifh time glide on > Tis leaden wings would furely ttagger life, Bus wish. thy feeling tranfports haply blest, We laugh at time, nor fear his flarpen’d fcythe 3. But in thy lap drink oceans of cclighe, ) Spend chegrful day, nor lefs enjoying night. -be AVE KO PLICe CANIS LAGY SI IN th E Present arrangement of the grand circle of {porting beauties; 1¢ is fome years fince the god of fost defire vifited her no Gurnal flumbers, and thed his benign influence o’er her wandering thoughts; fince first the Jove tin@tus’d arrow affay’d her virgia heart, and fpread the fost contagion thro” the bufy frame, and taught the blufh to {pread the fostened eye to fpeak, and first inform’d the fnowy breast to fwell, to figh, to pang in‘fweet alternate notes, imprefs'd the wicked thought, -expell’d the chaste idea from the mind, and bid fair. meek-ey’d virtue tremble on her throne, till in the lap of loofe defire the flept never to waken more. Such are thy powers, Olove! Thy gists to fame more largely are distributed than to others; fome on a virgin couch may Qeep unnoticed through their twentieth year, nor think on man, 66 Well if then,” whilst others, eer the dawn of life is patt, ‘by nature fed with all her warne&t gists Ting periods, tei is Gowny Oea the yielding hill to form, and round the clofe contratted.gap, by virgin firiture bound, Secured by Hymens fence" an half-fledg’d covering form, which monthly vifired by the fpring of life, foon fpread a graceful. armour, rough and thick. Sixteen golden autumns had expir’d @er this gay nymph approv’d the rifing Same; the fubile potfon thrill’d thro” every nerve, and: many fleeplefs nights. and thoughtful days were {pent, e’er ine Glination conquered madam’s virtue. as. 'Tevas in thie whifpero of a vocal grove; ¢s Near by a.streamlets willows crested fide.” The fun his beams in: his vast westera. bed had fafe repos'd, fair Luna only lene her confcitous aid, which, thro” the ume Brageous.covering faintly fhed her modest light; the feather’d quire fat mute, fave Philomel, whofe love loin notes fent’ to their ravifh’d fenfes fuch melodious. trains, as feem’d to hastem the ape proaching joy; the winds were huth’d, MERE RIAY U5 BISIS, UAIw AIN, UMC, {UU by the graces which around hes charms inceflant play’d) by fofs intreaties, tended kiffes (loves. feyeet. actlery) won, her fympathetic heart fbmiffion: fele, the ‘* tumid wonder” in her hand was plac’d; then to 4 nobler part, virginiry’s fair feat, by stealth convey’d, the rageur'e youth by quick invasions °° uther’d: int thd few acquaiatance,” and by one’ porter ruth’ | The fubborn membrane faceratcd fled, And every maiden claim at once lye dead. Now made a perfect woman, having fairly relifh’d the forbidden fruit, her whole foul was plac’d in the frequent gratification of that late difcover’d pleafure; and for fome few years her happy une doer, uninterrupted, folely enjoy’d hee charming pyefence; but longing with ardent defire to fee the metropolis, at the fame time an itch for variety stealing quickly upon her, fhe lest her keeper, and plac’d herfelf upon the Cyprian stage, and foon became a first race performer. vificed by a certain heir apparent,: who’ not thinkiag her bed futhciencly fofe,. has very lately prefented her with one of a most eleganr struciure,. amd mot come modioofly:adapted for the purpofe. Sle {ports in Elyde Pack a beautiful racler,. with a handfosae fet.of prancerss; cone fianily vilies the dice and cards, where fhe can gain admittance, and bets with che true {pirit ef a'gamester, Is call and genteel in her-perfon, with a fimgularly pretoy: mouth, a.dark complexion, with, an exprefiive blue eye, and amok agreeable temper and difpofition; but of fo delicate a texture that fhe cannoe bear to be burthen’d with any shing heavier than papers | ne -—-— we ot 4 ° -Mifs Le Gr—nd, ‘No. 52, Greek-Strect, (Sebo. A keeper—yes, 2 mighty blefling But where's the joy, no —— poffeffing > Whole live'long nights he’ll play and toy" And carfhot give fubstearial joy; Perchance his honor, once a week, Raa atpble wpeeh hae can fanwch eo KVage Well, ana OY YOCOUINE a proper comparifon between: the. mea of both. kingdoms, knows properly where the preference is due; and now avers that good soak beef eaters maakes the best: bed-fel-. lows.. Mifs Le Grand is gow. in: ‘her: roth year, a beunetee figure, with a luf Gious pair of eyes, aad truly, en on poins 3. fhe has not ambulated the public Cyprian Girclé more than five months, is always good humour’d, and. cajoys the sisi Moring fenfesion with the. genuine feelings of a true woman of pleafure; her partner in. ehis cafe fhould prefene her with a: George's pi€ture fos each kingdom. Mifs M—I—r, No. 175 New Compton= | Sb7 E88... Lovely man affuage my anguish). See fupine a tender maid,. Begs you will not let her languifh, One good.——= would eafe the jadés. 3id you Know how. brifks-her motion,. ~ You not long need {—— alone; Prince of nature’s balmy lotion, lefies a mouth that requires ovtener feeding, than her friend and keeper can poffibly afford, the world in general will excute her making application to the community: 4¢ large to’ keep her from starving’; the is jut artiv’d to that unfatiable year 18, and is now a charming looking well made girl, a pair of libidinous dark eyes, dark, brown treffes, and Cupid’s coal bole here well deferves the name, fince i€ may gic val the footy raven, rough, juicy, healthy, and plump; gake half.a guinea foe eich, aad you w Hl pay:the lady as the Ly expects. Mifs Brown; at Mrs. Kelly's, Tensere dows-Street, Hanover-Square. Ye gracious powers that live on love" ILdt me not wane thofe joys to prove;. Bue every night pray makes thefe charmg Secure ity fome {weet fellow’s arms 5 There fondly lock’d and fweetly fed, By watare’s gists.ity nature's bed, Our blended fouls fhould catch the figho And at one inflant gapping lyes —— a. | r T. * ra | Pn, ¥ before him, which would difgut any one" and cure theaa at once of loves; fhe is meverthelefs in high life, and does nog look well pleas’d if her bed-fellow leaveo lefs than paper; fhe is now in her 20th year, a tall genteel well looking fair complexion’d girl, with an admirable fer of teeth, aod a pais of ceader love looking, cerulean eyes; ’ A pretty nofe, an enemy to fnuff, - And 2 round chin fost as a fwan down puff. lek adroiznefs. under éover is partcularly admisd, as the is never-tir'd of the {port;. mor ever yet, from repetition, fele fatiety. Milfs L—t—r, No. 57, Berwick-firecl": S0b0. Seeure from Venus fears long may I stray, Whilst fortune guides me thro’ life’s pachlefs ray z. And when by wfe the noble fenfe is fled, Soon may I fleep amidst che gloomy dead. Altho’ this lady has carried on bufinefs an public for chefe last three years, we do. mot find chat her friends decreafe, or her’ favors are bestow’d fur lefs compliments; Kr AL 2 oo a ofr. 2. Fre | and never fuffers the bufinefs to be done wnlefs the has fecured her two guineas, #3 an agreeable ative bed: fellow, {miles upon repetition, and longs for its fpeedy Tet UFN. co, Mifs Masy Ann F—wl—r, No. 13, Werdour-free, Sobo. I care not how che joke is done, ©. “VW hetherin ecarmest or in fun, ° ‘Whether the fimple flircing fop, Cannot afford a tingle drop; Or ear replete with nature's juice, “Opens his port-hole like a fluice; ‘Or the fweet jefle, more refin’d, Gives his weak bloffoms to the wind z Whether or Irifh, French,'.or Scot, I do not care a fingle jor" Give me fecure the ready rhino Asda sbjsfor every maa omnino. Mr. Wh—«f—-rd and a dottle, are: Mary Aan’s fole delights; Mr. W. isa gentleman of the navy, fire has long had a fincere affe Ction for him, and we are credibly inform’d lest Plymouth for London on his account; here the pads she hoof. —-n wt Jaman mmo aont..f" mouoli..h.../f.°.. Bf y ad tolerable good kin, and a conventicle fuch as the most brawny. fons of Hy bernia reed mot be afraid to enter; For, like an ample fhield, Ye takes in all and yet leaves room for more } Mis St—nl—y, No. 80, Quees Auiss Alarm’d fhe feiz’d the big fwoll’m part..-... That freightea’d fo the dazzling fighs, And straighe defying rents and f{mare, She thrust it in with all her might. Mon dieu the laceration dire, Did fo affect the gemeral frame 3 That now ’tis Mifs’s whele defire, Te mever may contract again. This lady, with her lover, embark’d together from the West-Indies, and when arriy’d in town,. by mutual confeng, dif. falv’d the partnerfhip; he, from a loaging defire for vasiety, and the from thé felf fame motive; her whole perioa has the true Indian complexion, the ts well form’d, and fo paffionately fond of the fport, that if you are not foon prepar’d, fhe will certainly come Sc. George over eo eo eo oe 27/709 ann 7@ MAI ar Lnesarvarn hep PATIAPCIC ETA o a “Oxfor IROCB a low {weetat night round fuch.a neck to fold, “The longing arms, and préfothe meeting kifs s So wander o'er infaciate all thy charms, Aad fes uafeen that poradife of blifi. A double rap at the door generally ‘makes this lady -vifible; the is now mistrels of the houfe, and not long Gnce ihe was extremely happy ia Count Du—a as a keeper, bue as the Coune’s inclimations led him-to feek variety, he abandened her, mot without leaving behind him strong marks of his affections for her; loue being an ‘agreeable merry girl, the foon recovered that stroke of fortune, and feems as happy in an independant Atace, as fhe did with all the hugs and kigles of a French Count; and to thofe thae are fond of height, and are enemies £O fat, will Gad ia D—gl—fs every thing that is agreeable; her price, to be fure, is not whae will fuic every pocket, as the is {aid aever to with go fee her man a rs Deine A sw 65 aw Eo OOD OT Mifs Botl—y B—k—r, No. 50, - Wetoman-Street. Wer cheeks are ruddy as the half blown rofe, E’er Phoebus does his orient beams difclofe; Wer full orb’d breasts lie open to the gale, JAnd;teach the Jily whicencfs in the vale. We cannot help thinking, chat the ae tions of the captain, that thinks he pof Aeffes this lady folely, full as fimple as the looks of his damfel’s face. Capt. C—= is, as he imagines, the happy man, and ‘to fecure him that happinefs, he purfues the very mode that is likeliest to rob him of it. Spies at every quarter, every eye in the houfe at the street door, nor can 2 {mart looking fellow pafs the window, without soufing che Captain’s jealoufy; ut we can affure him he need. not be anxiousconcerning hislady’s prefervation, “Mo art, n O contrivance, is proof -against the aviles of love and keen defire; stone i< he meets with a rebuff the farst time, for if he is agreeable in his perfon co her, fhe will Gnd the means to gratify both their wifhes, and hopes to be repaid according > the quality of her vifitors, her rule, however, is never to cake lefs than 14, X86 Mifs P—rc—y, No. 49, Newsaow-Strest: Oh blifs eco exquifite, too refin’d to lak, Two fouls cemented ip one mutoal trance 5 The gra/ping twits, the balf clos’d fwimmiry oy0s. Speak nature ra/biag to the censral-fpot, Diffalwing all the fenfes into onec _ This preety dark ey’d {miling girl (fos fhe looks purely fo) has not prefenced hes love alluring perfon on our grand field. more than four months; but during tha2 Imall fpace has fo much improv’d her time, as to be quite a proficient in ber bufinefs, and knows how to deal her favors out fo as to fecure, in general, her man as a constant vificor. Nature has I EDR IID OIA EOIN OO Lae 1 SY <a full of life and fire, true indicators of the parts unfeen; which, with all the goodnature a woman of. pleafure ever pof Sefs’d, fhe will fuffer you to enter, and will be bound to die with you at the rate of one pound: one for every. death. Mifs Ellk—t, No. 2, York-Street, near Queen Anw-Streck, Eafs. Give me kiffes mix’d with bliffes, Choicest balm of nacure’s {tore 2 Toiniag, fighing, melemg, dying, Plung’d in raprures oer end v'er. The common prelude to. enjoyment 3s in general the frequent junction of the lips, to thofe, therefore, who are pecu Marly fond of the lufcious, the full kifs, lee them hasten co chis lip inviting girl, whofe balmy pair, by nature form’d for the nectarious union, are now just ripe for the fof che delicious preffure; thro’ whofe full-form’d rofy furfaces, the mae folds, would envioufly fade the tempting femsi-globes of love; now cortur’d by the rigid hand of fafhion, ic must be fubfervient to all che whims of that fanciful lady; both form and colour chang’d as fhe pleafes. Mrs Ell—t is now in her 21st year, has gain’d. a number of: very valuable friends, and don’t fuffer a hand to touch her commodity, that cannot touch three guineas at the fame time. Mrs. B——rkl—-y,. No. 39; Newman SHEE. Once I was drefs’d in woollen gown, Exclaiming any pots below! In every airy peeping down, Im wind, or rain, or hail, or fnow.. Buc now-2 change has taken place, No coarfe clad gown or stinking pots, No rough hewn hand, no dirty face, No figsiag wp with drunken fotss But through the circle of che oz, In fille and fartin fport my figure;; Xn beauty: foremost of the throng, No princefs in the court looks bigger, this lady (for fo we must now call her): mever faw a looking glafs cill within this Jast etwelyemonth, or her ear, deaf to Sattery, never {wallow’d the eender bait s. or perhaps till then her fenfelefs heart never fele a fof emotion, or fugpith. defire ever painted a loofe thought,’ or perhaps her eyes till then never beheld: an objet worthy her affection; be thac as It may, we return thanks to our lucky: stars, we have her now in all the ripen’d. immaculate bloom of nineteen, replete with love, health and vivacity, and inthe best ficuation poffible to preferve chem: entire. Jer face, make, and figure,. taken together, constitute the finith’d woman.; no part in the face or form can:. we make the. least exceptionable; here then may the fons of luxury and eafe riot away the loofe hours; here, if Plutus. is his friend, pay his aderations at a fhrine,. the most-inviting, the luf{cious. hand. of” Jove ever rear’d: in her are united the good-natur’d girl, the {weet chatty loving: companion, the harmonious voice, and” high values Io deleribe her feagures as they are, is far beyond the penman’s art: a Guide's touch, or a Thompson's: ghoughe, might give. a feint defcription. The cwinkling luminaries of delighé" @’erfhaded by the most perfec arches, of che darkest brown, dare their unlimited. pays, and tho” black, fend in their beams. the most unextinguifhable fire; her com-plexion justly center’d betwixt the bru-. nette and the fair;.contrasted by rofes of the most delicate hue, and fpread by. nature’s masterly hand; tho’ the lily does pot live in her complexion, let che enchanted eye behold that neck, and thofe lovely pillows of. down,:white as: the fwan, fofe as the turtle, and fmooth as. monumental alabaster, fee stole from the dewy half-blown rofe, che blufhing cen-ere ere&t, frus forth'as if confcious of iss worth. The frore vreowm of lowe and plesfurc, completely ¢hasch’d, makes a ** dark: embowring fhade,” and affords a most. elegant contrast with all che furrounding conducts him-to this exchanting manor. Mrs. P—w, No. so, Berwick-Street, Sobo. Wo power on earth fhall check my pleafures,. Free as air my. paffions rove, ‘Love and wine, life's choicest treafures,. Sorrows from the heare remove.. Sweet variety’s my motto, Red my cheek, and dark my eye 3° A raven jee adorns tire grotto Rear’ d beswixt cach frowy-shigh. This good-natur’d girl feems to poffels that happy medium in refpe& to fize,; as must. be almost certain of pleafing; fhe wifhes her. customers to believe that nine months ago fhe was.a maid s fhe does not appear co be more than: ‘twenty, but we cannot imagine but her: virgin treafure was difpofed of fome years. before; fhe has not however lost her rce‘lifh Sor enjoyment, and has learnt, in 3 peculiar maaner, theart of giving pleafure f F @W9 hazel, and-will in a peculiaz manner fuply che ufe of che tongue at certain times 3 tis a dear celestial- uid they fwim in, which fhe does not choofe to prepare, unlefs you pay two pounds two, for che ine gredients. Mrs. J—nn—ngs. No. 1, Linden Streeds, near Piszroy-Chapel. So erim a trip, fo-fweet a fway, You'd take her for the Queen of May 3 WNe’er Venus in her lew'd alcove, Or Sporting through Paphian Grove Glow’a fire fo ardent; view each breast). Whofe curling tubes are near at rest 5. Buc gently panting fans the fame That brings Idem vo the fasseo The parents of thits now fo much ad mird girl, never thought their daughter's: ambition would foar go fo high-a pitch,. an education fuch as their low circum-‘tances would admic.of, fhe received s. ‘and when the arrived to an age capable: a a nm ee to the {pot, and its environs for the dilpofing of her ware; a lucky moment brought Mr. F--—-, a merchant in che City, to the theatre, in the road to which he first beheld chis lady, in the drefs and occupation of a fower-girl, her figure and perfon struck his eye, and aster a little converfation, found the way to a more formidable part; in hors, he became at once fo fond, and the fo willing, that he remov'd her immediately, robb*d her of her trade, and oblig’d her co fhue up one fhop, thac was. attended with a vast deal of hardfhips and trouble, and open another, in the execution of which érede, fhe does not at prefene find fo much saconvenience, and a vatk deal more pleafure: Now fhe hives clegantly, and fports fuch a figure, the first’ woman abouc the C—rt need not blufhy. e® owns and never makes her appease ance in any. manner public without her Jivery’d footman.—One year, has pafied ‘ince this great change of fortune, her keeper feems fatisfied, and the perfectly prefumes O Vit It mu Oe properly pros vided, and no¢ lefs than five guineas will anf{wer che purpofe; the is tall, perfectly’ genteel, and, what evenenvy mutt allow, a wuly beautiful face, and a complexion fair as Ayperborean {now; her hair a lighe brown, of whieh fhe poffefiles a very dee fireable quantity above and below: below in wes brown fringes it defends the fountain of blifs, above in glofiy ringlets is -partially thadows che panting hills, teeming with love, and exquifice delight; her pouting rofy-hued- lips invite the prefling kifs, che rifing hills below invite the hand, and afk the gratification of the fenfe of feeling in a more tranfporting manner, which fhe does with the genuine touch, of a women of feeling. Mifs R-b-rts, No. 13, Uniow-Strees, You may ranfack each Street, « g Avnd kifs all you meer, -, Round the garden or purlieus of Drury ¢ Before you will find Such a girl to you mind, Ra R Wk wee and ehae we'll afsties a? that will humour all thew fancies, lec chem be ever o extravagant. This lady zhas the good luck now to be in keeping by one not the least wealchy; here the. undergoss all the Suednticmg means that. nofiibly can be ufed, places herfelf in every anourous pafshson, the lew'd hand of. old age can poffibly invent, and toys, andl plays, with che old codger, in all che wane gonnefs of youth, and loves even aster all, fhe fomerimes heaves him exyratiff'd ip | his dekres; how then mut fe feem in. the arms of a youth, replete with the fire of youth, love, and defires she is then,: as you may expect, all animation, all defire, and in. her arms. you will find a most exguiite beditellow, jut reach’d the eve of nineteen, truly ce bon point, agreeable in her perfon, fair in her complexion, with fine hazel coloured pleafure darting eyes ¢ of a {weet amiable cemper, and a3 {he -has-only been one of us five months, who with one guinea ia his pocket would nog freely give it. She rob’d fome guardian angel of her form, The wanton graces on her looks attend, -Dancein her fmiles, and o’er her dimpled chee Play amerous dalliance. | This preety piece of nimble life is daughter to an upholiterer im the city » she former pare of her life, fince reafon bevan to dawn, and enlighten the young ideas, has been {pent in reading fuch -kind of books as perfe&tly enables hee mow to put that in execution the has long -fo ardently wifhed for; altho” now we cannot think the has pafied fixteen {prings. Nature began very early to paint in her ‘imaginations che pleafures that arife from the copulation of parts; and novel reading, fweet friend cto destrudction, taught her all che delightful ways and means t O put it in execution, and we may dare venture to affirm, the frait was no fooner ripe than the first willing hand ~was ac liberty to pluck sé: fhe has not yet had che fortune to be in keeping, shaé We believe fhe is now withing for; and « os _ the world, at prefent fhe will not quite come under aur list. Milfs J-ckf-n, No. 1, Cusberlond-Sércél,: Rathbone-place. ‘Freely I give, freely let me-receive, A remarkable fine love-fraughe blue eye, is the distinguifbing feacure of this daughter of Jove; fhe is still very pretty, and now upon the tempting precipice of ewenty, and thinking fhe had ufed the needle long enough, has for thefe ten smonths practifed the ufe of a certain pix, which fhe feems already to have a perfect knowledge of; and for one guinea willl give you fuch convincing proofs of her abilities in that way, that there are very few that does not wifh her a fecond tims ‘£O ery her fill. Milfs St-v-nfsn, No. 22,5 Berwick-Straep, If fine black eyes, and the complexion of a true brunette, with lovely black jpleaie; and ix you leave naly a guinea behind, fhe will drop a curtefy, and give you a kifs in che bargain. Mrs. L—e, No. 30, Newman. Strees, See thro’ the milder glance perfection wrought, Which chro’ life’s difipared path is worn, Wor fearce a veltige lest, fill in the tender eyo, Wich fost compaflion fraught, the graces thew ‘Their {miling beams thro’ the thick valoof years, And dance their winning rounds; the onco meck ¢7e, Wow taugh¢ to lure, fill im ito fparkling rayo The love inviting lustre will maintain g And glad the paffing hours, the lufcious clafp, The ductile prefling breast, the meeting kifs, Andallche dancing train of Cupid’slooferthrong, Keep thro’ che wanton night their lewd domain. Entirely free from the fhackles of a lkeeper, and able to boast of as fine a perfon and figure, the masterly hand of mature ever prefented; our heroine fp ':' pa a Ab R |.. 2.2.20 2 2. pany, however great, m not agreeable to her inclinations; fhe is call, and elegantly form’d, gentee Land politely bred; good-naturd, and. amiably cemper’d; blackly ey’d, and darkly hair’d; two beaus tiful even rows of teeth, and a breath, As fweee as Arabian gales, Thag ope che infane bofom of the {pring: Gill the most delectable pasts remain untold, view thofe enchanting pyramids of love, andfost defire; thofedelicate molded fummits, on whofe furface the band of Cupids; and the dancing loves, fkip away: thefportive hours; gathering their blufhes. from che centre, where grows the enchanting bud, chat rivals che half blown rofe; dildaining the affistance of stays-to. prop, or pearl:powder taimprove; chey rife, and fall, che perfece language of her heart; and ill the fympathyfing foul: with all chofe lufcious, thofe tranfporting feelings, which fhe has in her power fo nobly to afuege; defcend with the already enchanted eyes, and- remove the fawny covering-to the blest feat of love: Genre, lee (ror thou may It lee) toe corres: i696 myréle berries longing for the fweeé sisillasion 3; and glowing with all the fire of youth untam’d’; apply then, ye fons of pleafure, the full fwell’d engine, and fem the rapid terrené; three guineas is the price of Mrs. L—’s favour for a whole aighs, wpona couch fhe may, perhaps, be fatisfied with lefs; nor can a perfon repret, confidering you divide a pair of the fweetest molded legs and’ feet, the eye of imagination ever painted to the: most delicate fenfualist. Mifs Grng-r, No.9, Glanville-Street. Tis but a paufe, and all our beauty’s fled, The winning loves and graces all lie dead; Be this our care, e’er comes the haplefo day, Whilst Phoebus fhines, to joyfully make hayo We cannot exactly fay how long this Jady has been in keeping, this se know, thae the has not been a fit fubject for our list-more than five months, one, of both perhaps, of Major G— purfes runak @ Deans = wa ae ee el Vv “o_Cr_—_— i N OG “ty Fee wanton face, without being a beauty 3 of courfe a fair complexion, blue eyes; and a very inviting fet.of teeth, between whofe pearly rows the darts the velves tip, with peculiar fondnefs, as eager for the moving fport; nor-does the fear-the most weolent attacks; noone in the field cambe. beter prewided against it, of the fame ginger hue i¢-dees not only foade, it is not only an ornament, buat asa thick ine Berwoven bufo, defends, protects, adoruse fhe is a most willing, eager, good-natur’d girl; and always defirous that her comme panion fhould be pleafed, and for the moderate -fum. of.one pound one, will place herfelf. in almost any fitvation ber | paramour thinks most agreeable to, his defizes, « Mrs. W—t—-rs, No. 86, Charlotte~. Street. A. brighter nymph fure ne’ér the filver moen Joead blufhing to the bridal bed. vter-he fet fril for che. West Indies, -héx veffel was foon mann'd Sor the land of dee. ghs:. The Colonel has allowed her three Bineas per week fince he lest-her, but. ecannot chink thata fufficiency.toenable her to appear in public places; she,. therefore, feldom vifits chofe. places without cranfactiog bufinefs in the private. WAY) | ‘ It is ewo. years. fince fhe. fick. Bath’d her fervent limbs «Ya.the refrefhing stream.of love. -. ‘’. Her fize and figure makes her an exe. cellene winter’s bed-fellow: fhe is hand= fomely featur’d, with a lilly complexion,. and a pretty. lighe cerulean eye, pretey: pouting lips, and-a pair of dubdies whofe. whitenefs.might bid the lily blufh,. ands whofe firmnefs may bid defiance for mae. nual preffure to indent. The parts. below are of a darken, Sue, ever ready (o receive, the amorous. affaults of Bricons loofer, fons; for a. whole night’s dombardmene fhe expeéts two pounds two, which is oy a. -~a To love and anenjoy’d, that love to feel, Js worfe than death; give me ye gentle pow’rfr That o’er veneral rites haply prefide, Gay health, and beauty’s bloom, as now uafoil’d 3. And whilst kind nature thus informe the /exé, ere revel happy man,: here ta Xte the frais, ‘That fpriags from mutval-love, defre antam’d’g. And every feeliag in its highest tone. Ireland claims che.honour: of: givingbirth to this most accomplithed piece of mature’s works, this elegant piece of per-fecivon, which no one-can fee.but admire g. admaire, but love; Jove,. but with to ene: joy: co be fure, the has red hair, which,’ amonest fome of the over nice voluptua-. lists, might prove an objection: but as it: appears now to be much lefs out of. fafhion than formerly, we may venture. to place it as an ornament; «fhe is at pre--fene in good keeping by an old gentles man, which enables her to be more choice in her ‘vifitors, and fhe. never fufiers any to approach ber fbrine, but thofe whofe perfons pleafe her, and can certain; DUC WE Can ACarcesy imagine fuch dufcious frui¢ could remain twenty five years wihout being pluck’d; fhe is tall, anda perfet figure of a woman, has a pretty love tinctur’d light blue eye; bus the most inviting part that is- expofed to fight is her neck and breasts, to which nothing cao bear as comparifon; that imamaculate asvean whitenefs, fo beautic Sully, fo celestially contrastod by tho curling azure subes that {well and fink conformable to the ebb and flow of thofa. heavenly promongories, is not to.be dea {cribed;. here then isa feast for the eyes here an entertainment for the touch, d mature, powerful nature, almost imperceptibly steals the -hand to the cenéres there is indeed a paradife; here the. folden ringlets branching amply o'er the amorous gros,.require the tender finger to. divide, exe the entrance is made paffable;,., mor fear thén to enter the seeming abode... to explore its samo contents, full fraughe with all that exquifite fenfibilicy,. the wanton hand of nature can temper, and’ 71-1 MP Co. p.,La A.. °.Q 49 ADE Oe a Vee WN Ve wee Q (aimee | ee SOB ————e—e ETwwwllee ~ ww er T OO need | it ig fouls, ak once, to the final fqueexe. Mifs Br-——«t, No. 9, Glanwille-Strecte The’ young, I never yet was foil’d, Wor ever from a picco recoil’d; Vve got a mold, cach lad will ust, Brom a thin firaw to a jack bees. Wiifs Br—ee is not more than Ssteen, and would, from her drefs, endeavour to inake you believe fhe had not enter’d hex weens; her stature (being very short) favors her endeavours, and fhe has a very pretty little face, but fhe cannot hide whofe truth-telling features, the eyes, which declares her in very plain terms snistrefs. of ber trade; the hali-form’d& breasts coo begin to know their bufinefs, and comes the undulating motion in 2 very inviting manner, Dame nature has alfo began her embroidery below, and fring’é in delicate nus-brown ringlets, the Jong negleéted fpot; now alfo fubject to ee a, loving the fport, and withing to difpenfe cher favours abroad, aad get known, the at prefent will not refule (given ina poo dite manner) the fum of one guinea. AMfs Fl——Il, No. 39, Nemmane Srec. “At {weet fisteen I was a maid, And {pent my time-ia harmlefo joking, jut ewice two years ve been betray’d, And now I keep myfelf by froking. x Come then each tively buckfome blade, ' im always chearful, always funny, Open ‘my hop, ye kriow my trade, But mind “tis-all for ready money. Mr, W——bb, a good-natur’d crea= ture, always eafy and compos’d, fuifers ‘this lady, (without complatning,) altho” he allows her quite a fufficiency to fupport her in a genteel way, to vific, and be vificed, 2s much as her wild lewd dipofition inclines her to; the is an excelelent companion at all times, buc let her. hhumourist; chen, -likew Hle, the is the most ardent bed-fellow., then her feelings are rous'd to their bighe?. pitch; f{eize then, ye fons of love, the.golden minute, which fhe, by her all-ruling power, will foon change to the erisical one, nor will She fuffer you to wate a fingle drop; che internal prefs that then enfolds the fhrunk away engine drains to the fmalle? particle, Kill powting, and in all the language of defire infatiase craving for mere, and more fhe will have, if kifles, warm as wine, youth, or love, can make them; if meeting preffing breasts, glowing and panting with fierce defire, if arms enfolded, legs entwin’d, meeting tongues, and fullfecch’d fighs, with all che language thac -the eyes can tell, can roufe the fleepy weapon. And all the night Jong fill this is her fong. ‘She is tall of stacure, and a very hand-. fome face, and what the world calls a fair beauty; and as the maintains herfelf chiefly by /uction, the values it ata guinea ene i nn 2 mutt fire,. The bonds of reafon break, and roufe the foul. Howe’er before impervious to the flame. This lady, altho’ a jewefs, has not the least obje€tion to a prepuce, tho’, like a. clook, it fhould entirely cover its mefer’s bead; provided there is no deficiency, fhe will readily difpenfe with the redundancy, and will reduce its magnitude, evacuate its plenitude, fhorten its /ozgi-. gude, by’properly fatboming her latitude, with as much wnfeign’d delight as any of our firlt inform’d christians on the Cyprian stage. She has drove a brifk trade fisteen months; is, tho” fhort, a pretty tempting girl, perfectly well bred in herbehaviour, tho’ dark in every feature: fhe does approve of any thing /iutty, and aster fhe has finifhed the bufinefs (which fhe always choofes to be done (a as private and decent a manner as. poffible) fhe expects a King George’s picture for every pocket., _N. B. She never wears more than two, om. on Just as the throbbing breast began to start, The cheeks to glow *twas nature’s bufy hand, °Twas fhe commandcd love to wound my heart, And modesty retir’d at her command. She brought indifference ¢o my wanton aid, Who faid that love was {weet varicty 5 Bid me fer up, and practife Venus’ trade, She'd find me friends as generous as free. I quick obey’d her call; fhe plac’d me here, & And gave che ruby cheek the fmile co win ye Taught Cupid’s hills to pant the eye to leer, The rest J’ve learnt by trading for a guinea. But we can affure our readers fhe is mot to be had at chat price now, fince that period fhe has had che good fortune to gain a keeper, lofe him asterwards, and find one hundred and fisty pounda annuity in his stead, which, with the three guineas per bominem, that fhe picks up, enables her to fupport herfelf in an elegant and comfortable manners none of che frail fisterhood of love can thew a prettier face, or a fmarter little figures ~§@.,...,... f. pop © Pe, ey | en | iw OE Vv wesw Ss, @A Wiss Voow oww Is M-lf-rd when in folden lawn expofed; Uprifing in the morn. Lord M—n lately had this flately looking girl in keeping, buc time with hee quickly produc’d fatiety, and he lest her, without having any particular objection, to trade publicly with shat which before jn a manner.quite privately f{upported hee in all the comfort the could wifh or expect; but we can affure our readers the has now entirely forgot his Lordthip, and vilits many public places in the line of her*profeffion, which bs fore the always vifited as a private lady; fhe is very tall, and chin, with a face exceedingly beautiful, a dark complexion, lighe brown hair, fine hazel eyes, a good fe¢ of teeth, and in her temper-very agree~ able and pleafant; her price is three guineas. Mifs Bl-emf-ld, No. 2, Glanville-Sty eet. S weet as the Bloom from yonder freld Of beans that fcent the ambient air, Are the bright charms that Bl-mf-ld yield; Bl-mf-ld the fairest of che fair. intend vifiting her, to be on their guard, leat (if unknown) they fhould meet with a hasty repulfe; if you meet her in a good humour fhe is most undoubredly an excellent companion, and has received a good education; is tall and genteely figur’d, fairly complexion’d, brownly hair’'d, and blackly ey’d, and as finely form'd femmi-quibble down below as the sost voluptuous of our Britifh fons ever wifh’d to handle; at least we are certain, for the poffe(fion of the charms, of a fine - Irtth girl, only ninéteen years of age, a whole winter’s night, for che trifling fum of one guinea. ere SD Mifs W-lfn, No. 68, Newssan- Street. Win and wear the proverb goes So e’er you wear it you must win 12, Here he that’s got a guinea wins. And wears by fosth getting in it. The accefs to this lady is perfectly eafy, as fhe keeps the houfe, and {carcethe cafe, fhe is poffefled of affurance. enough tq foon make you understand, if fhe thinks you have money, that you would: be no difagreeable companion for her 3: for a delicate St. James’s Beau fhe’ 18 perhaps too lusty and call, still the has a truly handfome-face, a fair complexion; light brown hair, «(when unhing’d from the Bondage of art, and undisfigured by fafhion) a. very fine even fet of teeth,. which fhe takes a great pride in highly preferving; her temper is good, but her: difcourfe borders too much on childhood: to recommend her as any: thing more: than a night piece.Mifs R—y, No. 65, Newmsan-Streets: Wine prudently ufed will our fenfes infpire, 'Tis the effence of life, and the foul’s active fire; And R-y never looks with a charm fo divine As when you prefent a full fpring from the loine| Yallnefs and elegance marks in apes ore very numerous, thererore in€ nas no occafion. for foliciting favours, altho’ we imagine fhe has notinany degree. publicly: difpenfed her favours more than five months; fhe has a captivating voice, and fings with taste, is’ particularly obliging. when afk’d to fing, not waiting for compliments, or fecondafking: born to pleafe aad entertain, fhe exerts with pleafure. ail her faculties for that purpofe, and: if fhe fhould by chance from a ‘cold gee hoarfe fhe’ll treat you with fuch moving @ccenés between the fheets that will make. “ample amends for every other deficiency, finging, &c. included » at the price. off two pound two. Mifs Charlotte Br—wn, Noa. 225, Cwiton-Strees o.. The fire of love, the glow of youtli, With all the grace’s wanton charms,. With. this. fweet girl you’re fure to proves, °Tis heay’h to die within her arms.. Young and pretty, unhackney’d in the willingly difpoted with her maiden trea= fure; ehe birds fung fweesly, the murmuring rivulets lull’d their foothing fong, and. nature, at that period, feem’d to huth iofenfibly all their feelings.; * 66 Rove alone was waking.” Had: he likewife flept, virtue had kepe her feat, but place, fituation, and inclination, all aiming to destroy her, the cruel defpoiler thrust her from her feae, and hastily forbid her future appearance 3 i fiort he robb’d her of her virtue, and oblig’d her to open a warehoule, in: which if you depofit your goods but one night, you cannotavoid making a-guinea’s. reparation. | Mifs Betfy T-If-n, No. 7, Apolle-Caxrt, Fleet-Séreek. When Betfy’s undrett She does certainly best,. She'll. give to. her love fuch a loofe" Then de not for fhame Play the wanton lew’d games, In making the lady a: goofe.. these is likewife a certain imexpreffibla’ fowesbeng, with. which that defire may: le gratified, aad-this we believe is whats Besfy is fo much admair’d for; in general: comeatable, always seady and willing, ao{eeming difgust;. a fill lively: feafe in the: (portive paré-of her profefion; and very moderate in her expectations;. fhe’s gene: teelly form’d, with a complexion toler-ably fair, prettily enough contrasted’ with a dark-eye, aad dark hair,“ pretty. leg and foot, which dances without much: changing the pofition of the body,. at: the rate of half:a guinea an hour.Mifs Maria Br-wn, No. 22, Uniou-Streets. Give me a lover every night;. As full of tove as I of lust: X‘ll hug and kifs-with all my might,. And f= ’tillevery finew burst; A pretty face, with a lovely eye, and* & very strong natural inclination, were i m BO —& plaufe without being once claps; the cur> fain is no fooner drawn up but fhe io ready, and withes every piece to contain Jive acts, the interludes as fhort as you: pleafe; almof{ unacquainted with art, the is totally under the dire Ction of nae ture, and nature with her is feldom wearied; and whilst under the influence of Venus fhe is an utter enemy to Morpheus, lis leaden fcepter fhe never wifhes him to fway whilst Venus holds. her domain; ester the fnifhing of the piece, fhe withes {till co be acquainted with a third deity,one, or two, of whofe powerful glittering pieces will make her fee her lover with pleafure agaia. Mis Br-wa, No. 12, Wells-Svreet. Forbear, fond youth, the fportive game, Dread pain has taught me ere I trade To examine first dame nature's works, To fee if large and: found they’re made ¢ And thou may’ view my bu/Ly. grave, Rough feated under /nowy hiil; And if the parts agree in fae, Ourgitrong large made Hibernian heroes, but as it does not hapnen yet to have ree ceiv'd fo violent an extenfion, we will warmly paint her asa fit fubje&t for the Britith stage; fhe is tall and corpulent, neither can fhe boast of many perfonal perfections, her happy temper and difpofition, her chatty and agreeable manmer, and her mufical voice, creates her many admirers; and new ones (as fhe has no keeper) may eafy gain admittanco, fhe is just now twenty one years, which makes her chink you cannot expect any Change out of a guinea. Mrs. D-x-n, No. 7, Glanville-Street. When your eyes you once do fix on All the lively charms of D-x on, Her all good-nature call you nigher, And foon fhe tempts you toa fl——. Our last lady was distinguifhed by the fize of her mouth, this lady claims as a priviledge the first feat in the list of the ‘Roman nofes; how far a remarkable cy) r ° For they*ll make their wry faces, and talk fmutty _ {peeches, Then losk at your nofes, then point at your breeches; This lady’s parés however feems to have fuffered no lofs by the fize of her nofe, mor to have sreceiv’d any particular advantage; they feem at this prefen¢ period to be properly adapted to manage, (and thae they will do with true fpirit) the mott fierce. attacks the Britith purfuers can make; and they have likewife attain’d a happy kwack of contradiion and dilation, foas to fait almost any capacity 3. furely fuch a natural Romaa production. is worth a guinea. Mifs H-re-nge-n, No. 82, Charlotge Ssreee, _ Rathdbone- Place. Sow flow the chearful minutes on? What gives to life its highest gou? ‘The chearful lafs, the merry fong; And love that’s ever, ever new. For fome time before we could venture te place this lady in our list, that is, before on ane am @ ) e Aegqda cen ee om me mcm mm Te SIV _ frequent, and his donations decreafing in liberality, eafily perfuaded her to make a dive into the public Kream; without such hefitation,.and perhaps with lefs regret fhe lest her keeper, in the manner of French lave; which is not many weeks fince, and has open’d to the world a tall, genteel handfome girl; {carcely mineteen years, in the prime of health, and quite young in practice; however, the confcioufnefs of her perfonal merits, join’d to a true Britifh fpisic, will noc: fuffer her to fee a friend under three! guineas. Mifs Str-df-rd, No. 25, Cumberland Street. | Of all the girls in Marybone, The britk, the fair, the brown, the funny; Who never wifh to lye alone, And ne’er refufes ready money Give me my due, I beat them all, I’m ever chearful, ever willing; Whe 4u/fh is large, the. grotto /mall, The price is one pound, and a fhilling. A lively good-natur'd brown gisl, who. - rr re ° - ° Oe D 7 ~— - 2.9 @ #~o DENGING (NE fle Way Mo Mme RE, SOY WNICN purpofe fhe commands fuch a fudden eager grafp, both manually and crarally, that there is fcarce the power of motion, till again recovering: before the ' exadk crists is form’d, fhe again renews “the coming pleafure, prolong’d only ca “make two deaths at once.: N. B. This lady is remarked: for a peculiar addrefs; in being able to carry -on a double. trade—that is, whenever ' fhe grows ured of her prefent avocation =—=She contrives co get herfelf recom‘mended again as a fervant in a genteel family; this fhe has osten practifed. - ‘Mifs C-ru-r, No. 5, Glanville-Strees. See-her approach, fle’s fair as {now unfyn’d, ‘der melting eyes in chrystal bafons hung, Send in their beams fuch language to the heart; And in each glance fuch inward converfe hold; Nature upheld by virtues highett powers Must in. fuch arms deny her fovercign claim, And own love’s force fuperior. Milfs C-rv-r was born in the county of. shroptiire, there fhe received her infanc Peainamag.and edierarinn fr e Pes a Anaklea ‘for fome time fhe officiated in the charac.ter of lady’s maid ina genteel family: here that reflecting mixror (the looking-glafs) and a.fafhionable mode of dreffing, together with fome difhes af flattery ferv’d yp ‘by the male fervants, taught her -to think She oughe to fet a higher value on her «harms than fuffer them to endure any fubjection, and.car’d not how foon fhe was her own mistrefs, tho” purchaled at any expence: fhe accordingly refign’d her perfon to the first gentleman that offered her a tolerable allowance; this first is Till the fame chat continues now sher friend, and altho’ not fo warm a friend as formerly, allows her three guineas a-week; her figure is tall and elegans, ther perfon handfome, and her.complexion fair, her temper appears good, but fhe has acquired (wherher i¢ “was thro’ her friend the limner or no.we cannot tel])-fuch a detestable habitot fwearing, that amonegst che delicate of our fex must certainly deaden every charmy and render her {carce the least attracting; fhe would then bethe general admiracion,. and as fhe is now only advancing intothe etwenty-first' year, no lover of the {pore would thinls three guineas: ill ditpofed of in her company. Mas, W-ll-ms, No.- 36,. Newman-Street.When fhe appears dulnefs forgets to stay, Gay misth and harmony the time invite 3: She'll fweetly fing away.the diving day, And fierth fizh away the dying night.Wer melting lips fo lovingly the’ll prefs, eave the fond breast, enfold the preffing arms, And what befide the happy youth may guefs, _ And prove when. buried ’midst fuch heav’naly charms. — Grown fauated with the fons of Nepcune, this Patagonian lady lately lefe Plymouth, determined to try her fortune amongst the more. immediate fons of Bacchus: nor has fhe been difappointed im her expectations, fuch a tace can mever fail. meeting with admirers; fhe is talk and genteel, but rather too lusty tobe elegantly fo; her hair of a light Tt °*A Q._ 2... ee en | | in bed all you can poffible wifh for, neither too hasty, nor too fluggith; will. allow every neceflary prelude, and will equally enjoy any foretaste to pleafure; at your departure fhe expects to receive three guineas. Mifs St-v-ns, No. 9; Glonville-Strest. Can rafes red, or lily’s fair, With her blooming cheeks compare 3 Can the ehamell’d bloffom vie With the luflre of her eye, As marble fmooth and fost as filk, Are the rifing hills of milk; Between two pillows, white as fnow, Is fixt the craving grott below 5 A rofe within, without a Sloe. Can we poffibly convey the nvost re fin’d, | may even fay, the most delicate: fenfualist co a more delicious, a more lufcious banquet, than the being enfolded in the arms of this girl of fenfibilicy and Jove, ic is impo Mible: even the micro{copic eye of stubborn partiality mutt aliow it; just initiated into a state of; womanhood, the finger of time only.. ” i¢s fitter lily, her eyes can bid defiance. to the Sloe, and locks of the fame friend-ly hue, partiatly overfhadows a neck: than mountain fnow more white; her teeth are even and white: but our reader: mutt fuffer us to throw a veil.over her temper,.. and think one guinea. in her: company not ill bestow’d.} Mus B-efy Br-wn,:No: 6, Riebmond. Buildings, Dean Street, Soko - E prefs'd his lips fo lovingly to mine, 'And this théir pasting folds; tbe magic. tip * So warmly darts all its amerous force, The tender youth, unable to retreat,. Sigh'd difappoiarment over his am’rous fair,. And fied his fruitlfs bleffoms in the aire Nine monthsis the extent of this lady’s practice on the stage of love, her wantonnefs and ‘fondnefs of the fpore still) continues,.and in fo fuperlative a manner, that we think the motto just and applicae LA.,~k R. £....,f.......°*2 the least heated is fure to difcharge before the game is in views fhe is hight com> plezion’d, and amiably temper’d, replece with the fire of love and youth; and: has not yet feen feventeen harvests: her father a dealer in horfes near Fyburn, we are, told would be happy again co fee her ac home; buc whilst her vificors (which are sefpectable and good) are able to find three guineas aster the pleafures of the nignt, fhe thinks her income will be quite fufficiene withour bis affistance. Mifs B-lpr—ve, No. 25, Perey-Strect, ' Ratbbone- Place. Could 3, like mighey Midas, rule And turn by th’ couch to whas I pleafe, The earth 1’d make one mighty: zool" - And into S— convert the feas. Old Axlas fhauld his burthen quie,. _ And whilf fupime I view’d ic o’er 5 Thrust home she ching, nor fear a flit, T33 finenllawn ap}? and ehict Soar moro. with that income one would {carcely imagine fhe could shirfh for more; but’ we believe it'1s her. very warm censtitution that almost obliges her, and if her man is well form’d, aad appears able go perform the operacion to her fatisfaction, fhe is perfedly fatisfy’d with two guineas s fhe is a fine tall woman, with a very handfome face, and altho’ beauty’s dread enemy has mdde a few dells, the affistancy of pearl powder aad rouge will fo far seplacd the tnjury, that they fhall ra-: cher appéar an ornament; hor complex= fon isa charming brown, hair unpowder’d of the fame hue, and a very. ree marka dle languifhing eye which indicates. in rong: teres the difpofision of the Netherlands, which, at the time above~meention’d,are always clean and fit fos use. © OOTEES, SRP OV A= NOE Go: I Sound myfelf to Venus trade,. #: young, a healthy, wholefome jade; Two years has pafs’d fince that dread hour: When——firf enter’d with his fhower,.. Aad broke the hymeneal fence, ‘Destroy’d my virtue (frail defence). y Aad op’d a paffage free for man, Who now may—-—me whilst he can... ' Where the parts beneath ‘as hog as thiss Jady’s temper, we-could fcarcely: recom=' mend her to notice; keep her quiet, and: fhé remains a défirable good narur’d girl,: in’ the full- bloom of. nineteen, whofe commodity has not béen in public ufe more: than ten months, and as fhe is free from. keepers, or particular- friends,. ai her: apartments-are eafily comeatable. ‘Theprice is (wo guineas, and ifa pretty mid- dling fiz’d girl, with a fair complexion,. and dark hazel eyes, pretty pearly teeth, and a é% guog the colour of a floe, is. worth the fum; we would recommend: NN Po Fr RTS or re ee ny [re Street, Raff. Keep me quite clean, and clear well the way, And I’ll carry two balls as far as Bombsyo A fine healthy lcoking lusty hovfekeeper now prefents herfelf, and im thag capacity fhe lately ferv’d under the duke of B; agentleman, whole name fhe now affumes, fell paffionately in love with her voice while the was at his grace’s, and fhe thinking her state of fervitude had been fufficiently lasting, afk’d not a Second opportunity of becoming her own mistrefs; but not fufficiently farisfied with lér keeper’s doings, fhe begs a generous pubic will take her cafe into confideration, | and relieve her. by fubfcription, to know ° hée perfon will therefore be neceffary; fhe is rather corpulént, of a middling — fize, and just the right fize in the middle; a fair complexion, fandy hair, ahd 4 pair of love-dancing peepers, an even fer of geeth, and a good-natur’d difpofition. N. B. Nor lefs than two guinea fubwe khmer om BH a pee re | & SEEEU BS GH EADEBNY » VEEL [4 Vat sae BA2ERID 4 ba a LDD When‘a blunt pin does twice the raptures gain s. a feize the prefeng, all ye bucks of fpiric, v with two guineas you may never fear it. ' Ju& piping hot from a boarding fchool,. aster having learnt theoretically, by Novel Reading, History of Fanny Hill,. &c. dtc. the ufe of the parts appropriated. for the exact coalition of bodies, and just: arsiv'd ata proper pitch for practice, an. ivory turner, (who at prefent must be. namelefs) rous’d by the instigation of thedevil, eafily perfuaded this shen piece of. immaculate innocence to leave the board-ing fchool, and the thould be doarded in. another place; fhe foon, however, long’d. fora more frequent repetition of the game. than the curser was able to perform, and. for that ufe has open’d her fhop as di-rected, and been only three months in bufinefs 5 is a pretty little fair blue ey’d. girl, and as fhe is the daughter of an. upholsterer in thé city, and a judge of © beds, you may not fear being fo accommodated with bed and pillows, that you~ will not regret being two gulireas poorer. VV @8684 WO Fe woae aeouw inns Cea wweawet ON eee eee E> ~D “When fully arm’d with love's fost fhower, The stubborn fence begins invading. ‘Virtue weak, and paffion strong, Care forgor, and rapture waiting s. Aindly folded laid along" Cur’d at once of filly prating. ‘This litsle, charming, tempting, gisl, is well worth the:purfuit of the hardy adventurer; for but with the uemof dif Aiculty is poffible to gain a proper meeting; her keeper is a very jealous country '{quice, whofe fondnefs he fhows “to a most extravapant degree, nothing “can ‘her fancy point out, or her little heare with fox, bue he with pleafure ‘indulges ‘her in, excepting, (bet fhe withes for smost,) the gratification of a certain appetite in-other arms-than his; to preveng this, he has provided a foot-boy from the scountry, whofe fole bufinefs is to watch, her ations, and bring a true account ‘to bis master; being kept under this strong.guard, makes her-‘much more anxious to ‘break out, than perhaps her natural ih‘Cclination might prompt her to; fuffice it rao fav. the never mies the {mallet an we} imagine creates much more real pleafure; for this purpofe fhe generally vifirs the houfes in and about the garden, and cefufes her company to none who has a genceel appearance, and can pay | her both ways to her wifhes, which, we can affuse ye, Is very exorbitant in either /enfe. She is a fhore lively figure, of the brunette ast, with a fine black eye full of fire, -and a fine grot below of the fame friendly hue, as replete with generative juice as the tmott ardent man of pleafure can with for. Mrs. We—ght, No. 46, Bernier’ s Strees With four attendants at my fide, To take my orders day and night ¢ ow fweetly does the moments glide, With thefe I’m furely always right. Mrs, W— builds her chief reputation and credit on her number of fervants, and thinks ae least that four fervants is very good Jatin for five guineas; her perfonal charms are not the most attracting meither can fhe boast of any elegance in ceive five convincing proofs of manhood under cover. ‘She is now in keeping by one of the fame name, by whofe genenerofity the fupports her attendants. Mifs W—d, No. 36, Newman Street. ¥Form’d fost tranfports to infpire, Full of youth and amorous fire, ach fond breast with pantings fraugh¢ By azure tubes divinely wrought; The centre blufhing, like the rofe, That ’midst a bed of lilies blows; Now heaving like the downy doves Replete with ali the laughing loves, Or tempting with the half-form’d figh, “he ear to win, to catch the eye; And drive the fenfes to that Spot Which never ought to be forgot. Had this lady more good-nature and Jefs pride, fhe’d be then exatly to our wifh 3 but her pride is not fo much to be wonder’d at, when you are acquainted aradmirer and a frequent vifitors {tilf fhe remains in keeping by a gentleman, whofe name fhe has thought proper to change for her own, who allows her (as fhe fays) just enough for hair-drefhing, (three guineas per week) her other money is only receiv’d in four guinea parcels She is tall, with a pretty delicate face and a genteel form, and is now dancing into her twenty first year, Rew XE eee Mifs H—rp~—r, No. 8, Wardour-Street,; Sobo, fence hufband, keeper, hence no more, I'd rather trot a common——,. Than be oblig’d to cringe and fawa When the next moment ye are gone 5 And we, alas, to {corn are lest, Of money, goods, and friends berest s Give me the public fircam to dive, And where I choofe to kifs and f——, ‘all worn out nature call’d to fleep, Can awie Sanco Ab D Pale pels Wree L Cc — amd we (Mink WIN tnts laay they will noe fail being anfwer’d in their own stile; to be acquainted with her you will conduc& yourfelf to the first floor, and when you fee avery pretty genteel thin girl, with dark hair.and hazek eyes, depend on it, it is Mifs H—rp—s; converfe with her (if you are in doubt) and you will be prefented with as decent a volley of oaths as ever grac’d the tongue of a Billingfyates Rill fhe is fupported by very well made legs and feet, which fhe ever takes care fhall not be hid, excepting in the nighe feafon, when they are too much divided Go fhew them to advantage, and the eyes employ’d in another manner than to with ko: fee them. Price one pound one: Mifs F—rm—r, No. 31, Charles-fireet, Middlefex-Ho/pital. Mifs F—rm—r is a genteel made fenfable girl, has receiv’d'a good education, and can hold. a converfation in French on.~Lwawn klee anpml Ln Lene y Le 1. n° oe ec boo oh y F *¢ Be SS = a Z! Nao ™t o O ie © hae f wwe Yo Vv 8 e NO WS wea WY @ Mifs Ph ps, No. 2, Glanville-treet. Toes up and tocs down is my fav’ rite toast, I practife it d.ily and every night; ‘A: das long as Toledo and rules the roast, I never would with the dear ehing from my fight. This full fac’d lafs has been a pra Qtic tioner in the trade of love for three years, we therefore recommend her to thofe who require certain humourings and invitations as a prelude to the fpore, and whofe generative powers are not quite fo fluent as formesiy; here he may be certain not to be overtaken, as fhe has by praflice, gota most delightful way of bringing matters on -both fides to a conclufion together, a perfect ‘adept in the death feigning way. She has two pretty fupporters, with a fair complexion, and a temper fo exceffive hot, that nothing bur gold will cool it. Pa q Se KEY o O (Chairs, tables, carpet, or the ground,» I-care not, if the jake’s well done;. ‘The price one fhilling and one pound, And well is worth fuch moving fun As a bon bottle companion we recom mend to the fons:of Bacchus this blue ey’d’ fair, a gentleman of the fame name, who fame fays is her keeper, introduc’d-this: love infpizing custom to her, and as ' Wine wets the wit, improve its native force, And gives a pleafant flavour to difcourfe,. fo he thinks ie fharpens the appetite and givesan additional pleafure to fenfual en-joyments; taken in a moderate manner it certainly does, at least with most men,. and in this lady’s company you may eae fily difcern the quantum fufficit; her eyes: fparkle with lust, a willing agitation rakes. poffeffion of the frame, the more fenfibleparts feels the wanton imitation,.and na= ture warmly invites you to appeafe the prolific fire; when fhe has receiv’d an overplus, the eyes lofe their fire, and a: faculty of fpcech is found; we would in this cafe advife the ufe of the bed, one guinea lest, and a hasty departure. Mifs W—lm—t, No. 5§6, Newmane. frees. FJust in the centre \ At th’ botiom of venter, © there you may enter; One guinea’s the price, And ’tis done in a trice. So fays the lady with a fine soman. nofe, Mifs W—]m—t we mean, and. the’ll tell you the fame ia French, if.you. with to hearit; fhe’ll acquaint you of the fame with her eyes too, if you are fond. of dumb. eloquence, and. fhe'll convince: you of the fame with all her mind; with. all her foul, and with all her strength, as. osten, and as feelingly, asany one can. cxpect in a girl of nineteen: her paces. are good, found, and perfect; her. dyingaccents perfetly confonane with her kving good-nature, fpeech and alacrity; we cannot compliment her upon her come. plexion, as when unpainted, the hues arequite undistinguifhable; however, we think we have already given our reader a full guinea’s worth.: Mifs B—nt—n, No. 25, Greffe-Streefs. The ruddy rofe, the lily white. Quickly fhed their fragrant bloom;: Tis but a day, their charms invite, At night no longer they perfume sg: But here’s a fewer that night and day, For months and years in bloom has been &. Aad still its-lovely hues difplay, Still fevecsly fel and darkly. fen 5. Ruby feldings fiill prefent —. The rofé in bloon around the lily,. Stillic maintains its wonted /cear,. ‘And Rtillic loves its fav’rite dillyo. Ten fleeting months are past fince tha: initiation of this lady’s charms into the GYes ake Pld C A a S BECOVS CO ICIZE CHE UN guarded traveller, who, if. unengag’d,. has a genteel invitation to partake of half her carriage; there he finds himfelf in. company. with a very. pretty dark ey’d. girl, just a frifky nineteen, who conveys him ¢o very faffu Gnable apartments, and places him in the centre of her terrestrial paradife,.for. the. fusa of. three pounds. three.. Mifs H—rr—f—n,. No.. 8, Chapel-Street, near Charloste-Street.. Sost as the zephyr from an angel’s wing,” And innocent and pure as that mild form Round which they play and borrow. from it life,’ Are the {weet fmiles of this engaging girl; Her breath more ‘tender than the fucking babes,. Or the frefh morn that dances in the fpring, Each look, each’ gesttire, every fmile must prove: Am angel form’d her, in the realms above... Few, very few indeed, amongst the frail daughters of love. venture their faces: Hwa has BET SACO GG SEOY SSSR EES WS Lew VIEWS by the affifiance of a gentleman of the ‘India Hloufe, maade her the lefs defirable gitl; her good-aature has endear’d her to all the fisterhood, all of whom fhe takes a fingular pleafure in relieving, fhould they be ae all distrefs’d; fhe is a thort, lively, pretty figure, and fair throughout, fave the nut-brown fringes that decorate the vale beneath: is of a meek, mild, fweet difpofition, and has never yet been in keeping fince fhe lefe Ireland, which 1S now about nine months, and as fhe fs just of age, the wifhes her price at least to correfpond with that,.as much more as you pleafe. Milfs L—ce—s, No. 18, Queen Ane Street, Last. Wow strangely checquer’d is the fcene of life, Thro’ which the ruin’d girl is forc’d to stray 3 Now buoy’d by hope, now finking in defpair, And blindly feeking the precarious way. PP ess SA FBS KR FAGAEE Fb D RES Ay Ab” HASUEAGS o Bhd that climate he behav’d t® her with the Ikindnefs of a new married man, but being oblig’d to return to England, the eagerly {wallow’d the propofal, thinking fhe had full and cfofe poffeffion of his heart, and about a year and half ago made her appeasance in town; in this wegion of beauty her keeper could not be: confin’d, he lov’d variety, and foon lef her, untutor’d in the ways of life, un= hackney’d in the wiles of intrigue, a deferved forlorn girl, who liv’d upon the effeets fhe brought from. the East, ’till it Became abfolutely neceffary to feek fome means for fupport; sis but very lately ie put our means in execution, and is at prefent fo exceedingly timid, fhe cannot reconcile herfelf to the company of a Rranger, unlefs introduc’d to her by a friend; her converfation is agreeable, and never disfigur’d by the least tint of vulgarity, fhe has receiv’d a good edu Cation, and is of a good family; in her perfon fhe.is agreeable without beinghrandflacaa <arith Aacle hare and avae an: Sse WS Ys SEH Saw Coe EONS a BBN Ne OO lhe ferve her folely for his own ufe, we may dare venture to affirm fhe will be true and just'to him, and her fweetnefs of difpofition would again return; at prefene The is quite fatisfy’d with one guinea per vific. 8 Mifs T—sn—r, No. 5, Nortb-Strees, Charloste-street. <Obferve her well, behoid that graceful step In which the graces dance their mystic round, Live in each look, and revel in each eye. This stately lady is now in her twenty fecond year, and has not kept a warehoutefor the reception of goods properly enter’d more than twelye months; where fhe {ported her perfon in the character of a kept woman we are.at a lofs to knows: but we cannot think but fome few years must have pafs’d from the time virginity was kick’d our of doors, to her public appearance in our grand mart; fhe is eafily distinguifhed by her walk, in which Mem Tie move har marlan any Bnier om oh. pofition, and in their wanton glances indicate the fenfibility of the parts into which you introduce, or are intsoduc’d, for the {um of one pound one.: Mifs H—crv—y, No. 14, She Ln s-Coure,. Soho. A face of affurance, with eyes full of fire, A tongue full ef mag, anda heart full of glee s Two lily white bubbics that pant with defire, Is just what dame nature has given to me. Mr. L ce isthe happy man that fleeps with this lady when he pleafes, but we eannot venture to affirm him. her keeper, as we are pretty confident her chance retail customers are of more confequence to her mow than her fav'rite friend s to reward his old fervices is her motive for receiving at any time his vifits. Her figure fhort and thin, perfon pretty and delicate, difpofition lively and chatty, her hobby horfe finging and dancing, in the execution of the latter of |] inh) BSBoss6 865 BOOW WINGS SAW WS BSS KW woweseesea ss wt piece of machinery, is form’d a fpot, © which fhe’ll wager a guinea will create fuch a fenfation, as like Aaron’s ferpent will {wallow up the rest. Ms, H—th, ales Mifs B—yl—, af a | Fifhmsonger’s, Princes-Strees. Come here each roling buck, Vm the girl will bring you luck ¢ 1 am leary to tlre bilk or the cull, I will mark the bilker’s pate,] Leave the cull quite fhore of weighe, But the faucy rolling buck, I ne’er will gull. ° We point this lady out as one that ought to be fhun’d, rather than courted ¢ 'ais not long fince the was difcharg’d from durance vile, and as that place was Newwate, we cannot expect her tate or converfation to be much cefin’d; fhe is a native of Ireland, was once in keeping by a navy officer, but lost him in confeeaten em 2o er, | 1. ay [ae Lihe..e¢e a fm YOr Mre 5s unce, a genticmans yootman has been her fav’rite, and now a caddé, or runner toa Westminster Magistrate, is the happy man; the isa fhort thick figure, about twenty fix, with dark hair and eyes, anda tongue iofamous as conception can pofibly convey: however, as fhe ns to be purchafed for half a crown, fome would difpeafe with the ogher inconvemiencies, Mifs —di—na, No. 17, New Compton SLCC O Thro streets I brifkly force my way, Regardlefs of the wind or weather g Bedeck’d in all my best array, A heart as light as any feather, Till fortune in her hap;:y mood, Throws in my way fome wanton friend, Whote paflion great and nature good, Gives me a guinea for a ===. A feafaring Gent owns this gs retty piece cm Le mw ew 4) nd Oa ee om rte an dd. g M Wa Wdne, yeveantue SEUSE Ad AAW 9 GIS GAWLEIWSSEG FEA™ veller under cover, and one’ who never {pares pains to acccommodate matters fo: as to procure mutual fatisfaction. Mifs Pl——te, No. 11, Booth’s Courts: Wel s-Stvees, or af Mes. Kelly’s,. Lene serdown-Sty ees Behind its flender fhade obferve her breaffs,.. Thae ebb and flow the motion of the heart;’ Her beaming eyes, whofe tender converfe tell}: The warm emotions of the inward foul; ‘Then prefs the inviting lips, whofe balmy juice Declare the state of nature’s central /pot, ) Charge then the fall form’ fiffen’d engine home, And in the wars aby/s of Sost jolds, | In juice balfamic al\ the fenfes drown. Mifs P-—-has just pafs’d over a fuffie cient number of years to ripen every charm, and has just been a profeffor in the academy of love a fufficient length of time to have arriv’d at the highest picch of vleafine.. without hayine fuffer’d the and Nave Not 1wam In the turd o F copulation more than, twelve-months; her hair capital and corporeal is a dark brown, and thades, in either place, a fkin white as °* virgin modesty can fpeak.” Can the paffing a night as the fole poffeffor of all thefe perfections be dear at two pound two. Mis. F-—tzg—r—Id, as 6 Wine Vault, Piccadilly. Forthwith the drew che Jawa afide, And cheir difcover’d gaping wide, A deep abyfs whofe bufhy front, las caus’d it to be christen’d ——=. This lady derives her birth, parentage, and education, from Ireland; her life, character, and behaviour, we prefume, is fomewhat chaneg’d fince fhe lest thag kingdom; theré her virginity fell a fa¢rifice to an officer, who wanted nothing but maney to take her into elegant keeping; upon that fcore a defire of becoming Cars Na S JU Aka ANnpe Perrecii ON IM Nek looks, and only eight months has. been employ’d to heighten every feeling; tallnefs and genteelnefs mark her stature 3 beauty marks her face, and a just and true fenfibilicy. mark all her feelings, which fhe will readily: convince you of for two guineas a whole night’s existence. Mifs Polly R—g—ss, No. 15, Portland: or Poland-Street, Sob. The tepid climes avow my birth, And has complexion’d fo each outward part, That neither fummer’s heat nor winter’s cold, » Wor modesty, {weet parent of the bluth, Wor fear, nor joy, eer dar’d to mutilate. Hail dear variety; Rudying to gratify every appetite, we,now prefent. our readers with a pretty tawny lafs, just entering. her fisteenth year, and one wha feems (contrary to the generality -of ‘thofe la~ dies) perfectly good-natured; fince the engag’d io bufinefs, which has onl~ been SUsl Vb aia A g 864448 8446 49 O Bvbssess 4LIGLE& défirable girl of chag caf, with fine ttrikmag eyes, and has only been eight months on the cown:; fhe has likewife her merits. between the fheets, and her parts feem. as well stor’d with acute fenfibilicy, as most of our Britifh pieces. The value_ fhe fets on enjoyment is just what her lover pleafes, fhe does not look difpleas’d at a crown piece. ~ The Mifs Ell—ts, No.9, Chapel-Street,. Soba. Wor faow, nor rain, nor aches; gor painy. Shall force us from the game vo.zua 5. Wor all the fears, in Venus wars, Shall make us qui¢ fuch lufcious furs But every day, we'll —-— and play, Let all who love us do the fame,. And every night, with all our might, Rencw again the wanton game. We now prefent the world with tyro Sacre both of whom forfook the paths are Dot engaged every CWO NOUIS at learn. The younger is fhort, of a pretty complezton, the fame-kind of love tinctus’d eye as her fister, but a much more quiet and eafy difpoficion, and will fuffer her gentlengan to take as much breath as he pleafes, without repining. The younger is now im er r8eh year. They have nor been known im public more tham nine months, and for ome pound you may take your choice, and semaim in pofiefiion x whole night. Mirs. i—rt—=n, Carzon-Strect, May-Fair.. Hail mighty man" conductor thou of life. Or aughe that makes existence durable }: Fraughe with kind narure’s full-con’d vigor, youth, Health, and love, and all their balmy powers, Come to my arms, here riot fafe unbiam’d, Careffing aad carefs’d, with mutual joy: Each fondly lock’d within the othero-arms Each by the others wanton pafiion warm’d, Aad each at once By nature's impulfe drcwe, ee Tn me ee ——— =e aro we Oe So Randard; independant tho’ of his R—I Hi——fs,. her catalogue of friends are: great and numerous; a gentheman of the fame name is faid to be her keeper, (or. rather her bef friend) whofe namo, for convenience: fake,. fhe borrow’d, and: whofe afistance now fhe could very wile lingly.difpenfe with.. Its not Jefs furprijing than true, that many women gain theic fsiends by being in the fafhion, whether they poffeis qualifications to excite admisation or no, and at prefent ik” feenas te taste of the age to admize Mis. I=; still the cannot boat of her per fonal charms, or fymmetry in form; nox: does their appear to be one: peculiar ate tractive feature; youth rs most undoube- edly on her fide, but, tho” young in years,. fhe is old in profeffion; nineteen fummers fhe has feen, three of which: has been dedicated to the fhrine of love: She is in refpect to stacure neither high » nor low, in fize rather too corpulent to be « genteel; light brown hairs, and light grey. mymeo Thm malrme a t(anlarahlo ragmonlewving: Mifs C—rle—n, No. 14, Yohn’s-Street, P or tlaind- Street. ° At fpring the fap begins to rife, In fummer nature’s fully blown, In autumn all che fragrance dies, In winter every beaury’s gone. The {pring with me is lately fled,! And fummer lightens up my face, Uf autumn strikes thefe rofes dead, Warren in winter fills che place. This lady is feldom to be met with at her lodgings aster the fun is gone to rest 5 fhe is then equipt accordingly, and makes her rout on foot to every different decent hotel in the parifh of Marybone, or the purlieus of Covent Garden and Drury, till fhe has mee with a fuitable friend (and that is the man that has one guinea to fpare) whom the withes to do bufinefs dire€ily, the then wafhes, the parts, and proceeds again; and when the morn is th far advang.d that there is {carce a chance of meeting with more custom, a lover of eighteenth year, “a delicate tkin, lighe: blue eyes, and a lovely pair of lips; which, when invited to a {mile, difplay two beautiful rows of teeth. The os se. ferior is defended and kept warm by a thick interwoven bed of carrots, whofe fhagey. furface proves a stubbora fence: against all the attacks That youth and wine, and love can make Again the ruddy Cyprian brake.. Mins. W—|{—=na, No. 13, Meard’s Coure;" Sano. Like Venus rifing from the fea. Dees the tender maid appear;. When fhriaking from the confcious-lawa,. The panting bofom {wells with fear. But here no Venus, here no maid, No confcious lawn, no fhrinks, no fears" She gaias by froking all fe wants, ‘fad has-done fo for three long years.. By this time the patience of our readers. eee eee EE IID NALIN IIE DOES as nature thinks i¢ most proper that cach Should retain their ufua} faculties, we are therefore obliged, thro’ dire neceffity, to tread in the old path, make an eye aa eye, and a tooth a tooth, in both of which this lady is happily blest, and ewenty four years has rather mellow’d the ~ full prown chaems, stull the performs the fundry neceffary evolutions under cover with genuine female {pirit, and if youare not facisfy’d with riding, you may be rid, -and fhe will leave the price to your gee nerofity, but the expects more as reg-rer ghap as rog-ree. Mis St—w—rd, No. 35 London-Street, Fiutsroy- Chapel. Come, - Bacchus and Venus, chief fources of pleafare, —. | Come hither, and largely difpofeof your ¢reafure; Let Jove be full arm’d with the graces fott pow’rs And Bacchus pour forth his ripe juice in full ge NEY PEFION, a S Mer COMPIERION is quite ox the dark cast, and her hair and eyes particularly light:: below a chefaut colour’d fringe defends Venus's pasterre, fix’d in the centre of two yielding thighs, white as the vernal lily, and fost as the downy dove. A major in the army is her particular fav’rite, and allows her money enough for a maintenance, independant of drink, for which fhe now purfues the ancient and most honourable erade of batkee making, at cwo guineas per head for the aight. Mifs H—rv—y, No. 8, Wardour-frecet, S0b0. The hardy hero ploughs love’s ocean, Féarlefs of the raging flame, Whilst his —— with quick emotions, Sweils and —-— into the fame. Mifs. H—rv—y has lately been under che hands of the Accoucheur the preceding month free, from manly contact, OF COia A me o N -Yorth quite a bew piece, and contracuen from continence has fo corrugated the vaginal parts, that the is now able, with eafe, to fqueeze the most dimi Sative gene tleman that choofes to make the trial; a¢ the fame time distention, from proper ine broduffory preffure, becomes fo tree and eafy, that a full séwe inch Oxonian need not fear admittance if the engine be apply’d in a proper rate of sumefaction. She is a middling fiz’d lady, and has been a body bearer three years; fair complexion’d, blue eyes, and very pretty teeth, thro’. which the rapture-caufing tip darts its fp g influence at one pound one thilling for twelve hours work. Mrs. L—ve, No. 82, Charlotte-Street, Rashbone-Place. My name mut furely cell my trade, Sweet omen of the blifs to come, When gently, kindly down 1m laid, And \ we ee ~ batters brawny bum. creales, or prolongs tne indglicribable rape ture; to her therefore we recommend. thofe youths who with to become profefs’d fportfmen in the field of /ove; we cannot upoa the whole term her a very inviting piece of goods; nature feems to ‘have been too lavifh over the whole frame; her eyes, from experience, has Jearnt the true Jove inviting glance, and has not yet forgot how to /wim and fink at the critical juncture, and fhe pofleffes a fet of teeth as yet unimpair’d. Seven long vears has fhe liv’d in a great meafure by ‘fucdtion, and is now in her twenty-fisth year. Five years back Jack Shepp—rd who fo nearly efcap’d a certain untimely end was her fav’rite, we hope, therefore, at least, his friends will not fail dropping a’crown in Charlotte-Street, as they pafs by. oe Mifs Bre—d, at Mrs. Johnstone’s, Germanfirees. Freedom in love is what I crave, And sive me this ve michty gods. feem tremblingly alive to all the rennid fenfations, and every part about the frame is blefs’d with that correfponding aptnefs that cannot fail of producing the most defirable effects; at feventeen the fence of virginity was broke down, and for two years we have been made happy in her company as one of us; her dark brown hair in becoming ringlets furround her graceful neck, and ost, in wanton twines, play with her panting dairy, or flily creeping under the umbrageous gauze, fport with the wanton loves upon thofe inviting Cyprian fummits 3; hee eyes at the fame time Jewdly glancing with defire afk for that never failing motion; that clofe conne@ion of parts, that forces every {pring of life to the centre, fhe has lately advanced her price to two guineas. Mifs W—ndf—r, No. ro, Cumberlane> Sirees. View all my pares from top to toe, Rill to retain its faculties perfet; the tender nervous prille are not the least lous or decay'd; the caruncule myrtifo mes Gill poffets the fame ifritative powers; the corai tipt e/itoris fi forms the powerful erection, and: grafps with eagers nefs iis well known acquaintance; nor has the jphiacker vagine been robb’d of any of its contractive powers; the propelling labia Rill make the clofe f/fure, and properly defends from cold the more icnfible internal parts, and keep them ever fit for clofe encounter, at which the will itill play as diverting a game as most of the trade; in other re{pects the is but paflable, her figure is tall, fair come‘plexion, with hazel eyes, and light brown hair; rather corpulent, but not fo much as in the least to impede bufinefs, which fhe tranfacts on a bed or couch for two and fixpence a flyer, the whole night half &-Zuinea. Mifs G—dw—Il, No. 43, Goodge-fireet. To racket about from morning to mghe 'Is haif my heare’s joy, and half my ‘ife’s pleas {wre:. From nighe until mor: completes the delizhe In teaching the blind boy the length of my setharo This fine heavenly figure of a woman cannot be too much extoll’d, fhe poffeffes the fymmetry of a Venus, the gracefulnefs of a Juno, the complexion of a Ninon Ie Exclos, the fostnefs of an Eloefe, and the {weet figure of a Hebe; the loves and graces dance in her {miles their myttic round; young panting Cupids revel on her ‘breatts, thofe elastic tender femiglobes of delight; and round her polith’d meck, amidst the dark brown ringlets that wantonly fhadow nivean whitenefs, “Sport filently unfeen; her eyes are pecu‘hiarly expretlive, and dast their tell-tale rays replete with love and defire; all the tender ductile frame indicates an impof-. fibility: of long withfianding the carnal Pa ff a dour-/sreek, bus now No. 67, Webl-freeto. No girl amidst old Trivias loofett throng Has ostener chang’d the'r fcenes of life thaa 3, Or ostenér fele mistortune’s lafhing thong, Or more deferv’d her bafe inconflancy. Once a fond keener, generons and kind,’ Each nighe with troe affection fill’d thefe armas. Oyen to love, to all my vices blind, And feem’d a willing flave toall my charms. Bur thefe gay hours are fled, for ever fled,. A vice distrefs and famine fince has reign’d g “ Now fortune feems again to raife my head,. And whifper fostly the'll again be kind. This lady is a native of Germany, but lefe her country at fo early a period, thas fcarce a vestige in her manner er.converfation remains that would distin—.guith her from a Britifh heroine; incor.tiancy has been the rock on which the Tplit, and almost merely on that account has expertenced adverfity of fortune in its.deepest colouss; fhe was first notic’d by a gentleman, whole name fhe foon af= itch for variety vience toa keepe. almost before his face, srought on. difgut on his fide, and he lest her to the rude blast of fortune, with a natural in‘Clination that bended towards vice and “low prosticucton, foon aster fhe affociated with‘the inhabitants of LLukenesr’s Lane, and the filthy fews amid the lower clafs of Covent-Garden trampers; during this flate of infamy and filth, fhe became nop,ticed by Mrs. Se. Cl c, the wellknown precedent of the Buckle and Bele 'Society, with whom fhe lived a most detested life for fome time, till a Mer, _G—, a tallow-chandler, of Cambridgestreet, took pity and compaffion on her Jate fufferings, and removed her from this diabolical old wretch, and now ufes every means to make her truly fenfible cf the infamy the has drawn upon her charac-ter by the horrid pra Gtices fhe has been. guilty of with her own fex; but in {pie of all his friendly admonitions, fhe will _at any time break from hmm, to meet with. Ounce o F fi i & Pap t | e: Fe 3 -* _ 34; “us rey AM “< pond Mrs. Ch—mb—rs, as & Stay-Maker’s, Oxford-Strees, oppofite Rathbone- Place. Each accent from her tongue breaths peace and joy, The fportive Cupids live upon her {miles; And from each figh fuch tender meeknefs flows,. Avs the fost breeze that wifpers in the fpring,.Or Zephyrs mild that hubh the feas to fleep. This exquifite beauty is daughter to a ‘fhoe-maker at Hoxton, and fs now just old enough to lay claim to a good estate, Sf the has one; the has improv’d her mind ‘and renders herfelf the agreeable com-panion by having receiv’d a good education; but the qualifications all bountiful nature has bestow’d, by far exceed thofe that for art the is indebted to; the is principally fupported by Mr. P > alaw ‘agent, and Mr. C > a cornfactor 3 bute has fuch a happy knack of contriving matters, that neither is confcious of each others happinefs, and each believes himmake perfectly genteel, light brown haig and a languithing Cupidinous eye; a beautiful complexion, for which as yet the has only been in debt to nature, and a pretty regular fet of teeth, whive as ivory; is a most charming bed-fellow, and whether the entertains a friend in the morning or evening, exerts herfelf in the fame amorous fufceptible manner to pleafe, which fuch a delectable girl cannot at all times fail of fucceeding in; fhe is at home to any.perfon of genteel appearance, who fhe thinks will not, of cannot, difcover her amorous inclinations to her two friends; but feldom frequents any public place of entertainment. Mifs Sce—nh—pe, No. 29, Greffe-(treet. The toy and kifs begins the blifs, Which at one vigorous thrust is ended s__. Sost looks the lover when ’tis over, Substance lost and cath expended.. As a friend of this Lady’s has just furtwentieth year; is perfect in all the mancoeuvres under cover, and is remarkably quick in her involuntary motions, as well as voluntary; her eyes are of a dark hue, and fpeaks a very fenfible dialect of the state of she centre, which you may be convinced of by fathoming it (if pof>fle) for one guinea. Mifs W—Ild—r, No. 13, NMéeard’ss Couré. What pleafures are fele At the buckle and bele! There’s none but the °Tis an infamous game, That the devil for fhame, When men were all lost, once establifh’d in belt. This Lady received her birth ac Ramfgate, in Kent, and was, at the beginning of her pudlic life, in elegant keeping by Mr. St-—nf—n, Harleystreer, Cavendifh-fquare, in whofe fervice fhe produced a fine girl, whom Mr. chat ufe it can tell, —_ being the original inventor of the buckle and Bele, the does not meet with thae kind of encouragement abroad, which will ae all anfwer her leaving home; there is a pretty young girl, whofe name is Phebe, that fhe has taken into the houfe, and by her the is chiefly fupported: She is a tall elegant woman, with beautiful striking°eyes, a pretty even fet of teeth, and about twentyfour years of age, and if a man honours her with his company all night, fhe expects a guinea for her trouble. Mifs T—m—r, No. x1, Lsttle-Litebfrela-sti cet. ¥rom durance vile I late am freed, And now again can pad the hoof 3 No locks can now my trade impede, No Turnkey now beneath my roof, I’ve learnt the different ways to pleafe,; Am up to all their tricks and fun, And for one crown will lie at eafe, an e 2? £49 +9 - @? thinks, Detler acquainted with (Ine words if any of our good friends therefore fhould fancy fo amiable a lady, we only recommend him to be on his guard, and ree member two ancient lines, We that a watch would wear this must do, Src. &c. &e. She has been a public teacher in the School of Love two years, is tall, and well stored with flefh; her complexion was once fair, and her hair is now a’ light brown; her eyes are a heavenly grey, and perfectly converfant in the leer, the dure, the wink, the approve, the. difgufwt, &c. &c. and, in fhort, the is mistrefs of every mode of infinuation, and as her price is what fhe can get, depend on it fhe’ll get all fhe can. Mis. P—leth—rp, No.2, Witcombe-street. How great is the pleafure, how vast the delight, When P—, C=, and B—, together unite? The balmy injection’s the effence of Jife, | arin) GS 6656 VV 6688 on Baws BWh S Ww hob ployed in one pofition as long as you pleafe, and can, at pleafure, prolong her Critical minute wll her paramour is work’d up to his, and then the will die, “or feem to die in a very moving manner 3 but in her company we must give a cautuon, that is, never to irritate her temper, for when once the tongue has caught the infection, its progrefs is very quick, and not lefs violent; in fhore, then the is a perfect virago, ‘and would. as freely throw a glafs at yous head, as fhe would take the contents into her own ¢ we imagine her to be now bordering: upon the game, tsa tall fat figure, with light haie, and an eye whofe lustre, from time and practice, has fuffered fome lofs; {till fhe may anfwer the purpofe at times very well;—her price is low, and fhe is to be generally met with in the evening at Haddock’s.. Street, Porsland Chapel. What pity that fo delicate a form, By beauty kindled, where enlivening fenfe, And more thaa vulgar goodnefs feems to dwell, Should be expos’d to any fool’s embrace For half-a-crown —=—=> = But, gentle reader, fo it is; an old French abbas, of the name of Se. C—r, is her parent; fhe received in her earlier days a good education, which makes her to thofe, that are conver{ant in the French tongue, an agreeable companion, and at the fame time not an expenfive one; we have nog known her in the grand mart longer than fix months, and are forry to think, that being new on the town, fhe fhould difpofe of her favors fo cheaply, particularly as we know her to be an admirable conjunétive compamion, and one who receives the rapture. in a perfect unfeigned manner, and bears the renewal with a doubled appetite, will grafpingly receive the sumsd monster, agreca Diy EMp Proyea Mak WHEN rodod of its vifion, by that never failing fluid, which, at-particular times, fo affects the Optic Nerve. Mifs H—rr—s, No. 22, London-V¥ all. Wappy the man who io his pocket keeps A full weight guinea, him or sight or day May welcome find ix thefe delightful arms, Nor dread repulfe s the yellow glittering fighs So charms the eye, enlivens ev'ry fenfe, And Nimulates to ation all love’s powers, That all the moving frame at once partakes, And {weet coition finifhes the {cene. This lady’s chief employment Is eric mina! converfation with the young buckg im the city; and has, by diligence, care, and a modefe ceprément, gained to herfelf a very comfortable fet of con Kane vifitors; all of whom come pleafed, and return fatisfied: fhe keeps in her apartments a couch, which fhe has no objecetion fhould be made ufe of by every vie well tormed tor b Dulinels, and executes her office ina very becoming manner; her complexion drawsa pleafing medium betwixt the brunette and the fair, and is fhaded by a fet of beautiful browa ringlets, which is osten fuffered to hang unadorned in mature’s wanton folds; be - Jow a darker coloured fringe defends the myouns of love. Mrs. B—mb—ry, Réfount-Streeép Grofvenor -fquare. 3 eauty, youth, and pure good nature, U_ furps her heart, and gl.d each feature 3 WM ore fost than curtle’s down each breatt" B idding the nipple (tlufhing guef) E ach fummit mount, pants love and joy, R ound Cupid's black and fhaggy toy, Y oung graces waiting lay to guide the rednasd boy Twenty-two years has been fpent in' bringing to perfection this lively image af Venus. and a noted baronet, whofe fo mave recourie to Of Rers s Neltner ex= travagant in her expectations, a gentlemoan with two guineas, and in other ree {pects properly qualified, will find ia her a very loving converfation piece, as well as a very diverting bedfellow; the is tall and very genteely formed, darlg brown hair, ‘of which the poffefles a very copious quantity, both above and. below; a very fine dark eye, and a pair of full formed {nowy pyramids, that difdains the affistance of Rays as a prop: can this very agreeable girl be a ‘dear piece a¢ the above price? eee ee e S SSS SNS NSS SEE Mus B—i{—y J—hnfi—ne, No. 18, Old Compton-Street, Soho. Wer ruddy cheeks, her pouting lips" Do breath ambrofial fweets;: Her fnowy breasts with coral tips, Enraptures all it meets., Below a raven- colour’d fhade O’erfpreads the road to blifs, The yielding thighs fo ufed fo trade, Fall open with a kifs. relation, or affection for his existing fister, the reader may guefs, it is fufficic ent for us to inform our friends, the is: at prefent in good keeping, by a no: Jefs perfon than a banker, whofe profeffions of generofity and love are nearly on a footing; nor is he at prefent very extravagant in either; his vifiting times: are fixt, and the vacations are long,. which enables her to receive almost any friend ae any time, if he has got the two things needful, i. e. one guinea and: a found pleafir, fhe then will take him to ler arms ° With all che extatic raptures of a lover,. perfume his lips with balmy kiffes, prefs. pantingly to his her {welling breasts s: and with a hand, fost as Genoa velver,. never fails conduting Mr. Red Cap tos his destin’d port, and unloading him with.. all the Ocill of a woman. of parts. I afk nor rofe nor lily fair" For thefe I cam at. pleafure make s: Nor pouting lips, nor flaxen hair, They do bue pleafe a country rakes. et heav’n preferve my bufby groves. Ies fize and fenfe of feeling keep 3 The men declare twas form’d for loves., And love fhall reign in room: of fleep.. This dark complexion’d tie derives hey: mame from a-gentleman that lately had the honor of making his breakfast on hartichokes and caper fauce; being one of her early admirers, and having it then 1m his power to pay he: well for her favours;, fhe was-eafily perfuaded to take his name" and pafs as his lady.. sé There is a tide in the affairs of men thas Jeadeth on to fortune;”” that was this youth’stide, and lie was led to the gallows on a viclent fufpicion of highway robbery, and has lest his lady not very difconfolate, but with quite fufficient fpirits and abilities to carry on the J~ SSS EES SU BEEN AMABGE MA ahh Y MACMALL EUs io the feeling powers, either from age oz practice. 9 Mifs W—ets, No. 40, New Compton-. Sreéeh. Wow in Gpid was life whilst pining and thinking, X {pent my caxef time im toying and winking; Till ——= took courage, and aster fome wooing, He kife’d and be fele, and he long’d to be doing 5. My refistance was faint, his paffion was Rrong;, Me bugg’d me and plac’d me fo foitly along, Then quickly removing the barriers to blifs, We died in my arms with a {weet /p———g kilgo This peste brunette figure has made ufe of her commodity, ovobone publico, aboug ¢welvemonths; fer fome few years back fhe has been in tolerable private keeping by her different friends; fometimes in sown, and osten in country lodgings s but at length growing rather stale in pric vate fervice, fhe was oblig’d to launch her little bark on the public ocean 5. here appears to De about three and twenty, dark features; and a Dutch built bottom; the depends almost entirely on chance, and does not refufe a Queen Ann’s half-crown, for which the will exert all her abilities, fooner than heg Jover fhould be in the lea diffatisfied. Mrs. V Ylid fickle fortyine prov’d more kind, Wd foar’d upon the winged wind, ~ And not, alafs! been lest behind. But as it did not come to pafs, \ n, Park Lane. ¥ deal in other kind of gas, And for. five guineas am the lafs. Which of our zerial travellers i¢ was we cannot tell, but certain it is, Mrs. V— was nog only approv’d of, but had been in the fcales, and just balanc’d one hundred pounds, and met with her difappointment just on the eve of afcenfion; cruel difappointment; still te has made Mrs. Fame very bufy, and has broughe her ndme into great repute Im the polite q Qf 9 ne © ) EEE EE EE she vigilance of her keeper, and loves a nap folus aster dinner, and is osten abfent in the evening. She is a pretty {mare Title fillie, about twenty, with lighs brown hair, and a delicate love informing eye, and a most wanton feeling moving bed-fellow. IMifs Cr—ckl—ng, or Mrs. Fr-—g—{—n, No. 35, Newman-Street. To kifs, to cnjoy—to enjoy perchance be = Ah! there’s the rub, For in that fcene of blifs whae ills may come, When now no longer wecan walk with eafe Must give us paufe. Which of chefe two names best plea fes her lover the hopes he will make ufe of, it is perfectly indifferent to her, as it is in general; fhe has had two hutbands, and fhe was fo doatingly fond of both that the mever would pare with either of their mames; the lah and prefent is a {otcb ventleman. to whom if the had returned coula we pais a compliment on her teme per we would; but we mut inform: our readers that is paffing hot, and a bottle of Madeira foon makes it fuperlatively fo; in fhort, when provoked into one of hee lewd paffionate fics, nothing lefs than a good » gracd with three guineas, can cool her. She is a native of America, aad is mostly vifited by thofe of that country.:: Mifs Ch—Ids, Devereux Cours-Temple. May each friend know at numbering the delight, Not lefo than aize full traafports crown’d the night, And if return of eve fhould prompt the game, Again at morn may he account the fame. Most of the ladies that belong to our _¢atalogue have their whims or oddities in fome fhape or other, Mifs Ch—lds fays there is no fituation in the world equal toa coach for tranfacting a certain kind of bufinefs, and fhe is now become fo ufed to that mode, and is at the fame and if her man performs his bufinets with rue [pirit, it is an even chance buc the lady becomes pregnant. A figure dancer on account of the apésne/s of parts is her prefene favourite; but we can affure him, if he leffens his number of offerings at. the Cyprian thrine, he will foon be difcarded. She is now in her eighteenth year, and a very pretty faced fhore-back’d wench fhe is, and one— who will not refufe half-a-crown for that, which, perhaps, may require nine months to be rid off.? Mrs. Cl—ge, No. 13, Margate-Strees. Thrice rapturous state; in ost coition join’d, The noblest feeling co the human mind, We have mention’d this lady’s place of refidence, but must not advife any of our, or her friends, tv enquire for her there; her generous man is fo very osten with her, and fo very uncertain is his vificing hours, that fhe is under the cruel arm yourielr with a ten pound note, go to Mrs. Kelly’s, fend a proper female errantefs, and wait with patience; a fedan chair is generally her vehicle, and fhe choofes to be admitted in as private a manner as poffible.. Her every charm feems now to be at their very centre of perfection, jult dancing into the twentieth year, tall and elegantly form’d, with Rriking eyes, and a s% gaog not lefs inviting, but of a darker hue, and of a more stubborn nature; fill her legs, which are fo fkilfully form’d for twining ain all the gentle wiles of love, are fo ‘pliable, that the weight of ten pounds is fure to make them feparate. Mrs. Cl—rke, No. 5, Little Winchester Street, London-Wall. Or take me, or leave me, een just as you pleafe, Or get up and ine, or lye down at your eake. This lady has pafs’d the meridian of her days for fome time, Rill Oo Wess savw & ww aoow Vw Wwe owed Ww OS OG Ef Ww 666 emabrowning her complexion, and in mellowing thofe charms which are flill far from defpicable; if you enjoy her on a couch, which is the common mode with her now; the is perfe Ctly fatisfied with an ounce of filver; but if the’s not a piece to your mind, give her che hint, and fhe’ll foon produce two or three young tig bits, one of whom we car fcarcely imagine would not fail to pleafe, and whofe favors are difpos’d of at the fame gate; if you choofe to pafs the whole night, one guinea is the price. Stree. Where carrots dwell old lewdaefs lists her wand, And bare-fac’d letchery holds her midnight fway, The Eyes their wicked glances loofely fhoot, Tne Cyprian jont a flubborn_fence affords, Nor can or nights or years their paffion quench Infatiate. <= If you witt to be very clofely condezvous, if company does not engage her another way; and fhe is fo very fond of aurum et femen, that fhe never refufes a customer that will give her two guineas, and fhow nine inches: though ‘only nineteen, the largest proportioned man in ‘reland would not much alarm her, and fo very corrugating are thote fenfible parts, that fhe can without much difficulty prefs the fmallest traw gu2q verjum: the is remarkably fair, tall, and properly fathioned for the clofe conjunction, with a pair of the lewdest eyes all conquering love ever modelled, whofe language, with the up and down {well of a par - fnowy pyramids, cannot failto increafe the /fecreticn of femen, we think, to the above amuunt. ~ Mrs. B—bb—, No. 7, Noel-Streeta Reclin’d upon a couch I taw her lav, Sost fleep had clos’d her cyes, and every charm As drett by nature in her birth-day fuie nae ae 2 Nw a? ae ina >) EO eee sve ws Nr 6H EOD Udy ~e a young fellow of family and ‘fortune, whofe name fhe now in a manner lawfully lays claim to, faw her and approv’d,.and aster a mighty fhort courtfhip was, dona Side, matried; buta fad difaster taok place ke moment it reach’d the ears of his pasents, and he was accordingly prov’d a minor, that married without his parents confent; feverely reprimanded, then tora from the dear object of his future hopes, and fpeedi'y convey’d abroad, tothe fad mortification and difappointment of his lamenting fobbing chara fpoufe, and the Jest not only hufbandlefs, but aio pennylefs, and neafly friendlefs; the therefore took compaffion upon her own feelings, and foon difpofing of her figure in the best manner, fhe foughe relief publickly, and purfues that and the dram bottle with unremitting diligence;’ fo chat if our reader has the least obje&tion to a drunkem piece he must not come here, as the odds against fobriety would be very great; then her temper is ‘* hotas hell, terrible ne gan thaifand devile the ill. aeate ASWELS Saws Wh VMEEEIY BAW b V6S ee eee to decay) fair hair, and eyes which are almost constantly fir’'d by Holland’s, peppermint, or any convenient drop of death that first prefents itfelf. She refufes 20 customers nor no money. Mifs Se—w—rt, No. 2, Wells-Stress, Oxford-Sireet. Supine the lay at eafe reclin’d, Whiltt with her charms the wanton wind Play'd loofely, here the fender foot, And there the well form’d leg to boot ¢ Now ruder grown the knee appears, And fills the foul with ehrilling fearo, Tall.by a ruder welcome blast, The rough machine was fhown at last = But here the filly pencil fails, For nothing but the souch avails.. ~ This lady is now about twenty five, from the age of nineteen, which was foon; aster, the by mere chance lost-that which there was no poihbility of getrieving. the feat in an independant state; but. we do. mot doubt, could fhe meet. as good. 2 driend as the last, fhe would again refign her liberty 3. at prefent fhe. does. not. ree fufe any vifitors whofe appearance and converfation nearly convinces her that. two or three guineas will be eafily parted: with; the is of a middling stature, wish fine light brown hair, and good dark, eyes; nas.alfo a pretty even row of teeth, white as ivory > fhe is fingular: in having a remarkable fine neck and breast. And is, when {porting ‘ewixt each fheet, All the max would wifh-to meet: 1 Wirs. N—-wr—=n, Holles-Strees, Caven-. difh-Squares. 'To win the foul by tender strokes of arty To tezch the<ye to fpeak, the heart to feel: The quick emotions of the conquer’d mind,. The breast ta, rife and fall, the. pant, the heave,: ‘Yo teach the eager limbs to grafp.and twine, The balmy lips to. prefs the tender kifs" youths, here taste the full, the never failing flow of amorous delight; here do I keep a banquet for the choice fons of Venus; here may they feed on the wele come (not forbidden fruit), nor feel the least tinge of fatiety; here dwells the mever-failing fource of teeming rapture, as yet blest with every exquifite fenfe «. I partake, and richly partake, the uautterable fenfations, that flow from the fountain of blifs, view but each love glowing feature, fea my Janguifhing azure eyes, obferve the rapture {welling breast, them part my yielding thighs, and by kind. preffure on my downy frame, let me but introduce (if introdu€tion there requires) the rampané hero, there thrust, and { » and die, and if you don’t favour me with a tem pound note, leg me never fee you againu. SBTCEF » View her fweet nofe, an enemy to fou, See her round chin fofe as fwan down puff’; Her pouting lips that breathe ambrofial fweets, And kindeit balm distiils when your’s it meets 3 See too difclos*d each full form'd heaving breast, mee too, but pray let fancy paint the rest. This lady will just aow bear enlisting, out fhe is comatable with the greatest difficulty; i¢ must be with a perfon the can furely confide in, a man of honour and unbounded generofity, and one perfectly able to be fo; fheis now in keeping by a gentleman who has (as it is fuppos'd) enjoy’d her company folely for fome years, without feeling the least touch of jealoufy, and fo he remains, and blest with the pleafing idea of felf poffeffion; Mill coneinues to indulge her in all the can want or with, but he does not confider her wanton withes must likewife be indulg’d, and this -fhe takes the liberty of freely indulging herfelf in, when fhe 1s fully convinced the has met with her MES, MIC PUVES AVC & LOOLS WO IOVG, LAA her gestures become quite extravagant, and we would advife the hero. under the prefling engagement not to trust his Congue too long expos’d, nor to fuffer her teeth to be long in contact with any other part, for at the gubing moment, just as the final figh is bringing nature's works to & conclufion, all the fenfes feem intirely Jot, or rather overpowered in the liquid exéacy, and what the teeth happens to meet they fometimes make very free with; fhe is indubitably in bed a most heavenly companion, ever awake at the renewal of enjoyment, and delectabl lhandy in the promotion of it; kiffes wit true energy, nor ever cheats at the come ing moment, but bears her very vitals down to enhance the mutual rapture. ~ SV O° RP. Wily lodging is near and its furniture pretty, Fulf rough does its covering grow; Yen lin’d wish fofe red, and its fize will jut fie ye, The thatch is as black as a crow. For one guinea Mifs P will foon convince. you the immediate ufe of this pretty lodging, and thatin a-very moving manner; the is admizably: form’d for the powerful buile Hybernian, the brawny Scot, or the most robut of our beeteating Britons; never draws back at the most stubborn affaults, and we are forry go fay, im general, does not feel hesfelf very much affected by them, as fhe can very deliberately hold a converfation, wifhing, at the fame time, you would not be fo long about it, defiring you to make haste, for fhe is very fleepy; and when you make a fecond attack, if the parts are mot out of proportion large, it is a chance if you disturb her flumbers; fhe is very tall, and truly es bon pont, with dark eyes and dark hair, and has megnciared hifinefe for ehefe [at three SEF CGE O The hymeneal bridge once broken down, o And dreaded pangs the lofs of maidenhead Ounce worn away, joy aster joy fucceeds,; And naught but raptuse crowns each pafling bight. This engaging little fernale -recetv' | her birth in the West of England:; the morning of her life 'was {pent under the. tuition of an old. widow aunt, whose. celifh for the {port in her younger days was very great, still, as the liv’d wich ner hufband, fhe was, according to the fafhion of the times, call’d a modest honest woman; now grown more carelefs of her reputation, and rather vex'd thag the inclination and will prompted her, Rill chere was no ability, no defire, bug what was falfe; fhe took a great delight in instru Ging her ‘niece in all the myfceries of love, and e°er the bidding nipple began to rife, or Luna’s fiream to flow, the had plenty of male courtiers, who were fufier’d gradually to take wreater liberties, which, if the niece GUAAw E No Bae) BSEdssa G Wwwahd é& 9 Ww GLAB& aunt, to eafe her of that burden which the aunt told her it was now high time to get rid off; fhe became foon aster a genesal admirer, and is now in general much admir’d, not only for her perfonal perfe Gtions, but for that true unfeiga’d fen Ability the is fo wonderfully blest with in the art of coition; fhe manoeuvres her whole frame in fuch a wonder working Snanner, that was her old uncle now alive and fee her attitudes during the venereal jparozy{m, fle is well convine’d he could not poifibly refist the temptation; her eyes are piercingly dark, and carry im their beams her every inclination; her dreasts are beautifully molded, and exprefs in their retreat and advance the wanton difpofition of the hot-bed of naeure; the licele dells which the {mall pox has been rude enough to make, do not the least offend, but appear rather pleafing; fhe poffeffes a good clear complex. ion, with fine dark hair, but the barbour ss fkreen'’d by a covering of the blackest hue, onneh ol te ip ann {3 on om eo ° oo 1e TD CAUNE Le or Cwoeo BFe Tee weve! Mus Chr—m—s, No. 5: New-Strees, Fetter-Lane.. When fithes leave cheir clement, 'And fevim upon. the wad, When birds the watry acean feels And leave the ais behind,:;. Jf When, tides forget their ebb and flow 4 Add not till chen (could X have life;) Would I leave of the shrilliag Sports f But never, never, be a wife. The fir&:cavfe for fin in this daughter ‘of. love was, (what is in genecal belier’d.@ very Cogamon one). the ul ufage and:abufe of a wicked step-mother, and the carelefs vaheeding difpofition of a foolith mistaken father, who grown blind to the sender throbbs of paternal affection, and ‘didiculopfly enamour’d with this fecoarl wife, fuffers the quarrels, which pafs between’ her and his own children, to-go -unreearded.. or.rather takine hie wife af our being able to prefent to the world avery defirable handfome girl, who no longer ago than last Christmas made hér forst entree into the fportive field of love; the is tall and genteel, and every limb in exact proportion to the more attra Cting parts, a light blue eye, captivatingly fwinmaming in the fost fire of love, Around her aeck-of make divinely fair, ' Does glofily ringlets play of dark brown hair, which in a lovely manner tenderly and loofely overfhade two panting promontories, and grand dairy of love and pleafure, and add frefh grace to every wel-come rife. Her temper is unexcept‘ionable, aad cannot avoid pleafing,. aad thould her wifitar feem fhy, the tenderly embraces him, enfolds him in her wanton arms, and print the. balmy kifs.. with all ch® extetic raptures of alovers pre(e forward the pleafing dufnfs, throw open her flo dgates of d-light, and drain sa she lat drcp the [pouting engine, at the very mamnhnr Come all ve fine fellows, with plenty of ready, o. And vifit King’s Place, tis the harbour of plea{ure: Here’s the black, brown and fair, the merry and steady, And girls that will find to your yards a good — measures This is the firt place, we believe, that ever Polly expofed her charms to public fale; (we mean the ufe of them) and that She has made a practice, nay a bufinefs, for near twelve months; and _ has, by being what the Bucks call a god piece, collected to herfe!lf a tolerable number of friends; the is at the fame time fo wonderfully good nature-+, and has made hertelf fo good a mistrefs in ull, the now neceffarv qualifications for a Lady of Pleafure, that the can fpeedily, and with a delicate hand, afford the Gentlemen pleafure in any way their lewd imagination fhould diétate; and place herfelf in any fituation the wanton gud of lust Lhrnrita Nninet Mwy18- Lr hor ndimirer. fla 1,e EES By OES ee” Seessiwg vee y ENE TANIE RAMI 9 playful, officious bed-fellow, and can put: hér hand to any thing, without blufhing, except in that part by naturé,adapted for the clcfe cement of bodies, the mutual languijument of fouls, aad the centre of all earthly happinefs: «two guineas is the compliment., Mifs Sophia M—rfh—ll, at Mis. Wind- | for’s, King’s Place. | From ten to four, from four to dawning fix, A winter's night, nine times the hero strove 3 As ost the trickling balm affail’d my hears, As ost he died upon my panting breast. For thefe last ten yedts has this lady followed that kind of bufinefs, which, of all others, feems most pleafing to her imagination, and which of all others feems the most properly adapted to her inclinations and withes. JHere the feems to be at home, and is, except her violent inclination for the bottle, which at times — $o gy i fra. o F 2...,. 2. na: ian ian Woe CNINKS Chal LUM Gexrervess NOL ave We {ure if fhe would give you more for dous ble the {um Mrs. M——na, Church-Strees, Soba. Like and enjoy: co will and ac are one, We on! Tin if Iove’s rites are not done. Affiduity, attention, attendance, care, and fecrecy, are all neceffary requifites to the purchafing this lady’s favors, and if you knew a priori what a prize you are ‘in pofieffion of, when enfolded in her embraces, you: would confefs the pains and time were not ill bestow’d; the has Jiv’d rather ina retir’d state fome yeass. with a gentleman cit, but a fucceffion of the fame embraces growing rather tires fome, and chinking of the old adage, “6 frefh p— frefh courage” the at length, with great precaution, and aster fome time acquainrance, fuifer’d herfelf to try the experiment; it f{ucceeded to her with, and fhe is now not quite fo over cautious: a A ease — — UU NTE nt OE == Oo v rather corpulent, with light eyes, ‘and a fair complexion..' -: “Mrs. V——d, No: 34, Union-Strect. What my love wants ia words it ial! malte Op im deeds, Then why thould we waste aime jn {tof A performance you know. well a promife exceeds, & word to the wife is. enough. Ram BLer Mago The gentleman that has any inclination of vifiting this fady, must recolleét thag the keeps the heufe, and dreffes fuperfluoufly extvavagant, on thefe two occae fions the expeéts a good price for her favors; houfe rent and taxes are dear, and the millener mu be paid, and what’s more will be paid; you must therefore contribute fomething. genteel towards thefe very neceflary diicharges, or the next vifie you will meet a rebuff. Mrs. V is now at least twenty-five, thort, ama Wer werirehk enn fac Sanca Grim mayre ares Giuplay is wanton Curis, UNCORAD G, ana wndifguis'd, could make a pretty addition to her face; her eyesarea preety fmiling blue, and’come the languifh very charmed ‘ingly; her breasts are protuberant and Jarge, bur fill recaim their cla Rtici{m, and do their office very well, confidering their werght and fize. Mcss Gan, Nortar-Strect, Mare ° ) be-boante. | Here beauty and fost love difpuce the field, And neither in the friendly contest yield; Beauty at the eye fend forth her pointed dare, Whilf all bewitching love attacks the héarr, This Jady, from what particular caufe we won't pretend to fayy but not, we be‘Jieve, on account of her voice,-is known by the appellation of the gizen linnets fhe lately went a volunteer under the command 6f Captain L—dhe, but foon aster deferted, and enlilted herfelf in the fervice of Mr. P——~, who appears to \ GCoobt WL MK KOU es id S444 U82A9 B85 USSD AZWte SO Be do: fome of her defires, indeed, are fo. wildly extravagant, ‘that nothing but a vifit to Mrs. Kelly’s will do, and in thag cafe Mr. P—’s company is guste unneceffary, whilst a bank note at the fame time is abjolute’y fo; her drefs is remark’d for neatnefs and plainnefs; the is well form’d, of the middling fize, and very Sixeable in she middle; her complexion is fair, and only requires arts rofe to make ie perfe&t; below, the facred fpot is beau tifully grac’d on either fide by golden ringlets,. _ Here in fost ambuhh live the lewd destres" Were the keen rapture that the bofom fires.' Mifs R——ch— <rds, of Drury-Lane Theatres So have X feen *midst dreadful doubts The tender virgin lye, fear paled her cheek, Whilst in her hand the length’aiag wonder rood’ With fwimming half-clos’d eye and clofing thighs, Bo lannth hee lava and bind intsrentiee wreak? Cases AMIE CRS Bessey GSYGCIS WIGS As VIGW 5 but to let detire be fufficiently.rour’d on both fides, which, by. tender preffings, fofe and melting kiffes, is with her foon brought about, and then the mutually enjoys the inexprefible blifs; fhe. is ras ther fhort, but every limb is form’d in very just proportion, and perform their offices in a very masterly manner; fhe is now in keeping by a very ‘good-natur’d indulgent gentleman, who thinks he cane _ not do foo much for her, and there he is tight, forthe world may foon be convinced that he cannot do enough for hes, which is the chief reafon for her fo osten vifiting Quin’s, where the hopes-fome good gentleman or other will do a little more for her; her eyes are blue, and’ her hair a lighe brown, and the is by the fire-fide very divertingcompany; her age “is Now twenty-two; an £. over one figure, and ans. the other, tells you, what the expects'at parting. Serene her temper, and‘difcreetly gay, Mild as the orient beams that light the day; Where pure good nature dreis‘d in freedoms ’guifes ' Streams in perfuafive language from her eyes; Arm'd by their tender beams the foul to pleafe, And fearch the windings of the heart with eafe, Yo draw the thoughts, ere from the tongue they’re flown, Avod with expreflive meaning dart her own. Politenefs and good-nature are the characteristics of this charming girl, indeed °s her every look, hes every feature,” indicate the fame; ’tis very lately fhe Jefe Warwickthire, her native country, there fhe must have receiv’d a good edu Cation, and been in good company; cur acquaintance with her is but of fhort Standing, as fhe did not enlist into the Cyprian choir till within this month; fhe does not appear to be more than eighteen, is tall and thin, with lighe hair and ex-, preffive dark eyes, has a fine fkin, which is a little defac’d by the fmall pox, but not fo much as to produce any difagree Hail Flattery, chou fost delightful plang, First by kind love implanted in the break Of man, by beaury’s-captivating power, And in the lap of female weaknefs fed; Be thou our sting to touch the stubbora L-‘The heart to other means imperious grow. With thee well arm’d. rank pride must quis ‘her ) throne, And modesty retires at thy approach: Fair virtue dseads thee. as her greatest foe, > \ _Aind all che paffions kindle ag thy fight:: Come then with all chy piercing tender fighs, And ia this angel’s bofom thed thy fweete 3 Why fofe iafpiring balm will couch her heart,: And win her foul when even Plutus fails. There is not the leat doubt. but flare ‘eery, well and feafonably applied, will produce in the breast. of every. female, endowed with the least fenfibity, avery _ fenfible effer;. *tis the poifon which Cu“pid never fails to infect. the points of his arrows with; ’tés that which gains an ealy admiffion to the female heart, when ga Pr P a. with flaccery, it. flies like lightning shiv’ all the mazes of thought, fixing: its root deep in the inmost fibres of the heare; there it foon becomes pregnant, and ina host {pace brings forth a full grown nymph called Vanity, which that woaerful reflesting. mixror, the lookingglafs, is continually feeding, and with ‘which foed Mifs Vamiey never feels fatietys jut fo ic was with this lady in question; her face was pretty, aad her form adenizable; at avery carly age the ‘tributes were paid at béauty’s flarine, but mone fuccefsful, (none fuccefsful at all indeed) -unlefs-meled down. by: flattery; then was it fwallowed down with that ~greedinels, that a trout does 3 May-fly, and never fail’d, when apply'd in fufficient-quantity, to captivate this fair one’s heart s (and we can affure our yeaders 'fis - woreh the erial,) for tt fuccefs crowns your -yiews (which there can be little doubs of) ae has fuch an effe& on her dittle fluttering ‘heart, thae fhe becomes instantly ena‘mour’d and fond of her admirer to.a dec flattery; fhe does not regard money, but at any rate must emjoy her dear flate terer. Mrs. S——-- is now only in her ewenty first year, and has the fapistaction to be in keeping by a gentleman whole liberal heart gives her a free {cope for her wifhes and defires; the fports a carclage, and carries a first rate appearance in all her actions; the most attracting parts that is expos’d to fight are her legs, which perhaps is the frequent caufe of her walking, when the carriage is ever at her. command: her step too is graceful, beeoming, and elegant; fhe ever takes care her legs fhall be feen, but never without a covering of the finett filk; her fize is of the middling cast; the is thin, but her ‘whole form is fymmetry; as a compa‘pion fhe ts a charming girl, and has in her converfation, wit and vivacity enough to charm any man; fhe is truly goodmaturd, and in bed a most loving girl, never fatigued or withing for fleep whilst her lover is willing and able to renew the Snore. if the te comnlimenred with manev. VV ded GBSAVWAG GEWVV WERK GWSEYUY SW WY Wud ~~ eeous reader, and with him every fuccefs that youth, health, love, and wine cam pofibly infpire him with; hoping, at the fame time, that they will throw a friendly veil over all the unavoidable errors that may have happen’d in this work, and excufe that difagroeable tautology which, for want of other words, we are necefiicated to make, and not to be difpleas’d if they find the fame ladies in this list that appear d before in other names; for as their refidence is chang’d as osten:as sheir ames, i¢ is almost impoffible bue foam fuch mistakes must happen; and hope thac the attention that is now paid to the procuring the best and most: refpettable, will wipe off every other blot. We likewife take leave of the ladies, and are particularly happy to think that what was formerly feen in the eyes of our world a difgrace, is now confidered pleafing, delightful, and honourable.