HARRIS’s Li ST ° 4 G6 ® COVENT GARDEN LADIES Mrs. Pa—r—th, Litsle Titchfield-Sireet, Oxford Road, the 1st Houfe on the lest. s¢ Forher the aymphs their nightly vigils keep.” This is a lady abbefs, or prefident of anunnery: fhe is about forty, rather lusty and of a dark complexion. She was herfelf many years a fister tubs “me having fomewhat impaired her ‘ace, and having more experience than beauty, fhe imagined her gravity would. fuit better as a teacher than a performer, therefore fet up a-fchool of private instruction, and has a many pupils who are very forward in their learning.— &B Mis ( 2 ) Mifs S-— S—— is a pupil of the aforefaid lady “‘ young, fost, and comply§ng,”’ and who, though not above fixteen, 1s well-verfed' in bufinefs, d\pretty face, and a good {kin, fair hair, and blue eyes, rather of a middle fize: her hand is remarkably fost, and has great effect upon certain occafions; though fhe never. studied architecture, fhe perfectly well understands the do@rine of evreciicon; yet fhe is fkilful in a most pleafing manner to demolith what fhe fo delightfully raifes. The worthippers of Venus will find in thar convent. ieveral other nuns equally verfed in the art and mystery of Venus’s tactics.? Mifs Sally R—-nd—], Curfitor-frect, «¢ All that is formed the foul to charm, sé Or give the nicest heart alarm.” This lady when dreffed, appears as a pattern of decency, and when naked, prefent us with the idea of a Venus of Medicis, a8 the construction and fyme metry of her limbs are truly admirable; confider ber, you fancy-her. Hede,. the C3 } the goddefs of youth; obferve her beati= tiful “features, fhe appears to be one of the Graces; enjoy her, and you wilk. pronounce her to us,a legitimate daughter of pleafure. She is now kept by a, naval officer, who: is now abfent; but with a bank- note any {portfman may difcharge his piece in to delicate a /pot. -” “ Mifs L—e— No. 10, Meara’s-Coureé,. War dour- Street, SOR0. Warm fancy flutters with her airy wings ‘And i in my bofom points her madd’ning sting Nerves my. strong putpofe, to unnervethe frength, Of many a man and lay him at full length, This lady. is tall and genteel, about twenty-three, withdark eyes andhair; her face rather agreeable, and her temper eafy,. free, and. complying:—here the epi Gures ‘thay fatisfy their most. ardent longings 3 ihere-. Venus has lavifhed her chortest fayours ih fitting this amorous girl for. fost ehjoyment. *Tis. not @. luke-warm flame that butns in her breast;, no, ’tis an enthufiastic rapture which animates her whole foul with the B 2 die ( 4 ) divine fpirit of love. Whenever fhe is offering incenfe at the fhrine of Venus, -her whole frame 1s agitated with plea fure, her eyes languifh, her breatsts heave, and her limbs quiver; while involuntary fighs and murmurs burst forth from her bofom, provoking the tranfports of the happy priest who administers with her. This lady is lately come from the West-Indies; her ‘price is just whatever you pleafe to prelené Ker with, Mrs. De—f—ire, No. 22, King-Streth> Sobo—name on the doar. Philofophers, who’ve Qudied nature, And all our holy fathers {wear, A rod’s the best invigorator, A rod well apply’d on the rear. | 'This lady lives with a Spanith lady, ‘who paffes for her- fister; who may be called a tolerable good piece; asto Mrs: | D » the has nothing to recoms mend her but her embonpoint; in this houfe, the votaries of birch-difcipline - may 4 é 5) may fatisfy their propenfity im the ut most latitude; for no ladies in town, nay, even the most experienced f{choolmistrefs in the art of. flagellation, can exce] them at the game of the birchrod: thefe ladies always. keep a num-= ber of birch-brooms of the best quae lity for the ufé of their numerous vifitors; their price is rather moderate. vi o Mifs Bel—f—d, King. Street, Sobo, nexé > 41 door to the Hotel. fmmoderate pleafures all her looks exprefs, Unbridi’d tranfports strive within her breatt, Broke thro’ her eyes, and fcorn to be fupprefledo This fprightly priestefs of Venus is very agreeable and good-natured—when pleafed. Something or other attraéting is always fure to be “found i In every wo-~ man. of pleafure; in fore it is the fparkling fire, or the liquid gleam of the love-fpeaking eye, the bewitching fmile, or the pouring richnefs of the dimpled lip; the whitenefs of a bofom, thort breathing with delight, or the in B 3 viting 7 ( 6 ) viting fostneis of nature’s femi-globes’s ~whilst, in ‘others, it 1s the wanton treffes of their fine flowing hair, curling in amorous ringlets around their necks; or, to be more voluptuous, ‘the luxus riancy of the grove beneath, and the ree dundant growth of hair, which fo agrees ably adorns and defends the pleafing mount of Venus from the rude fhocks of impetuous invafion, and which twiniog sound the ruby portals of Cupid’s grotto; forms a.delightful bed for the root of the sree of life, which of thefe attractions draws this lady her admirers, we cage not pretend to fay; fhe frequents very much the theatres, and is generally fa= tusfied with a guinea a-night for houfee mom. Mifs Se—rt, Yottenbam-Court-Road.. a6 T he little archer dwells within her eyes, és And wound the unwary gaizer by furprize.’” This lovely female is elegantly made, with a fair complexion.and excellent features, fine expreffive blue eyes, and pretty teeth; indeed too much cannot € (9 jo be {aid in commendation of this lady’sappearance; but as fhe goes under the denomination of:a kept mittrefs, we dare not prefume to-give our readers fo plain a defcription: of her as we otherwife: would.. | o, ot 4 Mifs Gr—n,. No. 2,. Little-Eeffex-Streeti Sostnefs of fpeech, and opennefs of heart,. Combine.with-love.to act the amorous party ®. FPhis. fountain of tranfport is of the Welch breed, very tall and fair, melteing and generous, fine hair, and expreffive ‘eyes, rather well-bred, and fer manners and converfation, make her 2tolerable companion, and independant of her converfable abilities, we are ihformed that her proficiency in the trade of love is not lefs commendable, and ever wifhing to preferve the honour of the female flay untarnifhed; fhe never takes a thing in band, \et her undertaking be ever fo great, but her antagonist ‘is fure to fhrink from his purpefe.—She has the charaéter of a fpirited, fpiteful; fond ( 8 } fond bed-fellow, that will keep her fpark to the mark of bufinefs as long as he has strength to follow his /adour with pleas fure or ability, nor does fhe fpare any pains by manual, lingual, labial, and.pars ticularly dirchen invitation, to revivify the fallen member, and with loving eagernefs will quickly bring him. to death's door, where that is foon his portion 3 there is no afcertaining her price, it. be ing always as much as fhe can get. “Mrs, Pl—i-ed, No. 4, York-Place, Lambeth. _ Ma’am, °tis true you’ve fine black eyes, Taper legs, and tempting thighs, But what more than all we prize, Q,: Is a thing of little fize. ae You no where. This lady is about twenty-two, has fine dark hair and eyes, and rather of a middling statue, happily fixed just above mediocrity. She frequents very much Apollo’s:Garden; no woman can form a better judgment what age and difpofiuion (9 } firion is best fitted to give joy, fhe gene-= rally fays, and from experience, that youth gives the /borteff, maturity the strongefi, and age the /ongef pleafure. Now, as it is a maxim with her that thofe joys are most to be preferred, that are the longe/t duration, the prefers the lengthened embrace of age to the fire of maturity, or the basty /pur of youth. Wer reafon for her coriclufions appears founded: upon. experiment, and her theory is deduced from practice. She argues thus, the eagernefs and impetuofity of youth make the tranfports merely momentary. Furnifhed with a profufion of the cciz of love, they pay ths ‘biquid toll almost as foon as they have entered the gate: nay, fometimes at'the very portal, without giving time to get their change ready, to the difappointment of the turnpike woman, and the great abridgment of the pleafure of paye. wg and receiving. Fhe mature voyager to the gulpb of Venus. has, it is true, a fufficiency of coin, stays longer in: port before he pays his ttibute, and by lengthening the pleafure, has a great advantage over. youth, ] The The aged traveller cannot boast of repeated payments in a few hours, but his payment is justs; he has the coim in his purfe, though it may require more time to get the firings open. He may ‘not be fo able a mathematician as to vayfe. a perpendicular in an instant; but with a little kind mutual or. birchen alfistance it is raifed, and the time lost in the erecting is fully paid by the pleafure of proceeding gradually. through every fhade aster, from the pale rencounter" to the dazzling vivid ray of the brightelt colour of extacy. Thus argues Mrs. J, and the reader. js to judge of the force of her reafoning; but he mutt remark, that by ago, the does not meai: decvipitude, both of which do. not ‘fo osten. depend: on.a..stated number. of years,. as-on the courfe of life. Many Jove merchants retain their credit beyond: three-{core, whilst others, more prodigal, are abfolute in/olvents at thirty; her connection. with a certain mulatto, does her very little honour. She is very BAR fonable in her demands. Mifs ( mm } Wiifs S, Cl—rs, No. 98, Lambeth-Road. 'Beauty to no complexion.i is copfin’d, - °Tis of all colours, and by none defin’d.. This gitl, though not abfolutely handfome;. is lively,. wanton, and. agreeable, and loves tojoin Bacchus and Venus together, fhe israther fhort and lusty, fhe has, however, fine dark eyes, with a tolerable good complexion of her own; fhe feems to be about twenty-eight, her temper is but fo fo. However, the is truly amorous, and fets about the rites of love with her whole heart; no diicutting coynefs, no forbidding frown, no lowring eye, check her admirers; on the contrary, warmth defeats coynefs, ber brows are fmooth and placid, and her eyes roll in the humid fire of tranfports. She makes every part contribute its fhare to the mutuality-of the joy;. and her touch might as the poet fays, —s, kindle frozen appetite, And fire e’en wasted nature with delight. Though not naturally religious, yet the concurs in one part of the liturgy of the \ 5 oe ae area yee. ae cereal = ls a toe ~ we e R peng a ees _ = oh ee pee ene eee) ee ( 12 ) tne church of England, namely, °° to strengthen fuch as do ffand, to.comfiort. and help the weak, and to raife up them thac fall.” She ‘will feldom reject the kind offer of half‘a-guinea, to conduct you fafe into port. Mifs P—tr, No. 22, Oxley-Street, near the Temple of Flora, at one Mrs. Rob—{—n’'s. Formed to the fport, fhe knows her cue, And will in love return each one his due. * Yf lewdnefs in the extreme can recommend any of this lady’s calling, Mifs P— stands the foremost on our “list, as fhe -is equalled by few, and excelled by none; though young the has been long in practice, ‘and is certainly a proficien in all che orgies of Priapus; obfcurity is her delight, fhe. onge was pretty, and has still a tolerable good face, but drink ing and midnight reveling has much hurt j it; fhe is extremely illiterate, quarrelfome, and very much addigted to low company 5 the may be about twentythree, « 13 J) three, has fine black eyes and eye-brows, indeed her eyes are her principal recom-_ mendation; though fond of money, fhe is very reafonable in her expectations. Mifs Sm—th, No. 10, Willow-Walk, Dog and Duck. se None better knows to raife or quell the flame.” This lady thinks every thing elfe but the fports of Cupid and Venus beneath her confideration.. She is not only fond of the fport, but an adept init; nota motion in the whole art, but fhe is acquainted with; not a wriggle, but the knows how to humour, which not a little recommends her to thofe who love an active lady in the amorous play; indeed the is an excellent becfellow, can pleafe -an epicure in libinous pleafures, as well as the most accomplithed lady in the kingdom: to tell the truth, her merit Jies more in kifling than converfation; ‘more in her ****, than her head, more in the motion of her b ks than her C ~ tongue; C 14 ) tongue; confequently you. must fearch her centre for. her perfections;; and while fhe has the power of giving fuch titillation, judge of her worth, by your. fenfe: of feeling. This lady is tall and genteel, about twenty-five, and‘grants her favours at a fimall expence. Mifs Ll—en, Mall, Dog and Duck. ss Along the Mall, fhe fweeps with grace and ‘¢ eafe, And in the fp sorts of love is fure to pleafe.”’ This lady is rather fat, about twenty, of a fair complexion, and her temper eafy, free, and complying. She is thoroughly qualified to give pleafure, and is no nigcard in her. endeavours. Her touch i 1s delicate, and conveys thrilling fenfations, and fhe is fuperiorly eminent for moving a repetition of joy, by a thoufand love. provoking actions; fhe deferves cultom, for fhe is ready to oblige her cultomers any way they chufe; put a good birch rod in her hand, and fhe will perfonate the /ebool-; aistre)s to admiration, and flogs you to extacy, in thors {he ( 15 ) fhe will affume any character you pleafe. She generally takes what Is afaxed toher, never haggling. for price, this fometimes is to her advantage; for trusting. to a gentleman’s cenerofity, fhe frequently. gets more than. ihe would have prefumed to afk, at-other times, indeed, fhe meets with difappointment, -for there. are fome fo very mean, as when the pipe is our, to refufe paying for the tobacco, 4 -Mifs Shep--rd, No. 15, S:ffoe-Street. Sure heav’n alone fuch graces can bestow, ‘Where Hature’s richest tints fuperbly glow 3 What pencil can do justice to the fair, | So regular her form, - fo {weet her air 3 iy Each glance the coldest, denfett breafl mutt move,.: To taste with her the richettj joys of love. It is a pity that the most charming part of the creation, the delight of mankind, and the fweetnefs of ‘human life, whofe beauty enlivens, and calls forth every fenfation of the foul, exhilerates the fpirits, wakes. every “Tatant {pring C2 into ( 16 ) into action, throws a luflre upon, and enlightens thofe fcenes, which would -otherwife be morofe and gloomy; and fheds a fost emanation on the mind of “man, fweetly harmonizing it to downy pleafure, and mouldring the warm heart to every genial joy. It is a pity that fuch powerful, pleafing, and endearing qualities fhould have for this alloy, fuch an unpleafing and ungrateful one, as Inconstancy and capricioufneds, too gee nerally the concomitant attendant on the fex, Such a. one, unfortunately for herfelf, is che fair in question, who was reduced from a state of arandeur to her prefent fituation. She was kept for a fhort time by Lord Gr—v—r. She Js of avery good fize, very well made, a very pretty face, with a fair complexion, very chatty and converfible. Her age is about nineteen, Mifs ( 17 ) Mifs God—ry, No. 55, Charlotie- Street, Portland-Place. Reclined upon acouch the maiden lay,And all her virgin charms expofed to view; J faw them all, unfeen, and in her eyes, Read the mad language of untaught defire. Here now is a blooming piece, and only feventeen, of a middling {tature, very pretty face, fair complexion, and has not kept a wareboufe, for the reception of goods, properly entered, above twelve months. She is certainly a fine handfome girl of a delicate make, wich beautiful blue eyes, which beam langulfhingly the fweetnefs and willingnets of her difpofition, and in their wanton elances indicate the fenfibility of the parts into which. you znétreducz, or are introduced. This lady had a child about two months ago, by whom we do not know. Any gentleman wanting to calt anchor in this lady’s pert, will find as fecure an harbour as ever plummet fathomed. One pound one will not be refufed for entrance mony. C3 Mifs ( 1 ) Mifs Dou~as, No. 18, Charlotte-Streef, Portland-Place. Sostnefs of fpeech, and opennefs of heart, Combine with love to act the amorous part. Here we can prefent our reader with as fweet a man’s woman as ever the bountiful hand of nature formed. A pair of lovely blue eyes that dart refistlefs fire, that fpeak a language frozen hearts might thaw, and stand as a {weet index to the foul; a pair of {weet pouting lips that dernand the burning kifs, and never receives it without paying with interest; a complexion that would charm the eye of an anchorite; a fkin {mooth as monumental alabaster, and white as Alpian fnow, and hair that fo beautifully contrasts the fkin that noughe but nature can equal, defcend a little lower, and behold the femi-{now balls. s* Studded with rofe-buds, and streaked with s* celestial blue;”° That want not the fupport of stays; whofe truly elastic state never fulfers the preflure, however, fevere to remain, but boldly ( 19 ) boldly recovers its tempting {moothnefs. Nex: take a view of nature centrically; no folding lapel, no gaping orifice, no horrid gulph is here, but the loving lips tenderly kiffing each other, and thelter frora cold a {mall, but eafily stretched paffage, whofe depth none but the d/ind boy has liberty to fathom; in flaort, this lovely fountain of pleafure, who may be about twenty, will receive your goods into her wareboufe, for one pound one. Mifs Mead—ws, No. 3, Chapel-Strees. ‘O Toeach her amorous toy, me’ll lend 5. e¢ Tf they’ll but freely pay and fpend.” What can a heart fraught with the glowing warmth of luxuriant fenfibility, and fierce with an imagination fervent as the day’s bright luminary, which nature has impreffed with colourings all her own, with for more than the fu// ex‘ joyment of a nymph of eighteen, with pretty light hair, fair complexion, and as lovely in her difpofition, as in her perfon, She is now kept by a gentle Man ( 20 J ~ man of fortune, but as the is fond-of dabbling in the lottery, we fuppofe that any liberal gentleman may fhare her favours for a ticket, or a piece of fine bank paper. Mifs Th n, No. 77, Wardour Street. So fond of love’s game, you never can tame The fpirit inceffant defire, Stir up in her frame, and blows intoa flame, You may damp, but not put out the fire. This Jady is tall, rather lusty, about twenty-five, and is what may be called a pretty brunette. She has the character of a {pirited bedfellow, and is really a fine piece of temptation. Itis faid, the is fond of pre-eminence, and loves to be the uppermof?; fo fhe is thoroughly qua Iified for the knighthood of the garter, as fhe can, not only tame the dragon, but even ride St. George; very obliging to any cultomer that will do her the favour of calling upon her, and has no objection to receive a George, but will not refufe ( 21 ) refufe half, having lost lately a valuable. friend. Mifs- Fanny Fl—w-—rs, Tottenbame Court-Kcead. cs Her littl heart, beats raptures to the joy $ sé And love, from morn to night, is her ‘¢ employ.”: A fine young creature, about fixeeen, her staturve is the middle fize; the has a charming ‘kin, her neck and breasts have beauties which might even kindle a flame in thechaste breatt of po—p—fh. priest. The heaving globes of her breasts. foon catch the eye, and excite certain eitillations, which gives the gallant a longing defire to handle them; her fair complexion and beautiful blue eyes, are alone fufficient to gain her many ade mirers. We fhall prefent our cuitomers with an anecdote of this heroine, as ree Jated by herfelf. Whin fhe was about thirteen, fhe felt the early touches and defires of nature, and was determined to indulge them as frequently as poffible 3 but, being then at a boarding-fchool, - fhe { 22 ) fhe was under great difficulties from the confinement of the place and clofe infection of her governefs, who was a {trict difciplinarian. Mifs retired one day to “her bed-chamber, and the governefs, always on the watch, fufpecting fomething, went fostly up stairs, and peeping through the key-higle, faw the youne |i hertine amu ing herfelf with a curious infvument. She faid notning but went down as fhe came, and having ade'a most tremendous rod out of a new pirca broom. She foon returned, and <efired Ivtifs to open the door ine tantly. “She pretty. creature, wilo was, at that moment, lost in extacy, was, as one may judge, terrificd at hearing the voice of her governefs. Hawevers: Tee covering 2 little, fhe ‘opened the door, and pretended fhe had been wafhing herfelf, but the other foaming with! rage, and probably, with luf, having fearched her, and unfortunately found the joujou; fhe’ immediately turned up her petttcoats, and haying pinned her fhist to her fhoulde’s, and tied her hand before, fhe whipped her as long as fhe could hold the rod, and Jest poor Mifs’s posterlars In a fad conditions Being difappointed ( 23 ) pointed in other fchemes to quench her lust, fhe ran away from {chool, and has been fince kept, fome fay, by her guardian, but as he is osten out of town, we think fhe 1s cow-a-table. EY ‘ Mils Wo-d, No. 41, Union-Street, xy Middlefex- Hofpital. s¢ Like a fparrow at all-times 1s ready for love.”® “Should a man, whofe paffions are fired with the generous glow of Juxriant fenfibility, and whole fancy Is ever prec. nant with the rich streamlets of humae nity. Should fuch a man, whofe heare is ever open to the most delightfal fee/. grgs of lijs nature, be led by the wayward ‘hand of chance, or prompted by the irrefistible order of inclination, to. the arms of this fair, he will find in the deleciabie embrace, cvery reciprocal joy that can wind two fouls to extacy, She is about eighteen, middling stature, fair complexion, with eyes the co Jour of the heavenly black-eyed maid; like them too, penetrating and {weetly affable, In thort, fhe cannot fail of pleafing ( 24 ) pleafing the man of fenfuality, whofe fenfibility is fo finely interwoven in his: temper and constitution, as to thrill with ot the most poignant fenfation at the flightest touch of the lttle-all-ruling deity, a and violate with the pulfation of rapture. | But as the neceffities of life cannot be Ms fupplied in a vulgar harmonifed world! without the coalition of Plutus with Cus | pid, afprig of the root of all evil is abfolutely neceffary. mtn ake af ee Le one aad Milfs J—f on, ditto, Is the facrifice made fit, Pufh him forward to the pit; Pufh the standing vidtim on, And when the noble deed is done, Draw the bull of Venus out, And stroke him for t’other bout.! This fprightly priestefs of Venus has notbeen long initiaced in the dark mysterics of the Goddefs; we judge her to be: nineteen, of a dark complexion, rather | tall, dark hatr, and eye-brows, with nie fuch a pair of {parkling eyes, as would ( 25 ) foil the diamond of its Iustre, and do more execution than a thoufand officers of justice at the home fircke; her breatis are well formed, though rather {mall, to contribute to the joy, and will fwell with emulation to rival the fullest pair sn the amorous conflict. She is actively wanton in awakening or heightening every pleafure her temple affords, and though dackward in receiving the offerings, yet loves to receive the good things fecretly, and in the fullest menuner, for which, her faxc?uim fanforum is adrmirably adapted. Her temper cannot be ablolutely found fault with, fo very good-natured indeed, as never to refufe a guinea oblation from any of her facrifices, that is, if fhe is convinced they cannot afford her-more. teen eerste Wlifs Gr—ve, No. 33, Union-Street, ‘© With extacy fhe grafps the tumid toy.” _ This young ‘tit has not been long made great improvements, and bids fair D for ( 26 ) for being as expert as the best. Nature has been particularly bountiful to her, and fhe has cultivated its numercus gists with the utmost avidity, care and circumfpection. She ran away lately from her friends, and Was in con fequence, advertized, but being fond of the bumjerking-way, fhe would not confent to return, She is rather tall, with pretty blneeyes, net much above fixteen, and ‘an her pricé very accomodable. Milfs Ye—ts, dit/o.. All around, enchanted cround, And fostt eli Gums rife. Flow’ry mountains, Mofly fountains, - Shady woods, Chrytt:! fiocds, Witu wild variety furprife. Xten Addifon wrote thefe lines, he lictle thought he was detcriving Mrs. Y—’s learecertntri (es, yet the defeription is just. Soon as the veil is withdrawn,; and ( 27 ), and the. traveller has. paffed Holland, he is furprifed with the wild variety he beholds, and ‘is ravithed like the o!d Jewith legiflator cn Mount Pefgah, with a view of the promifed lend, flowing with milk and honey, her fowutain whence flows the impending flocd is edged with delicate mofs. Vhe wood is fhady, and tusted, and the wounfain, at the top, is not always destitute of flowers. Letting the eye wander over the downs from the Summit of the mountain, it first beholds a central cup with a pretty little bofs in the midst; and beyond that, on the fides of a milk white valley, are two Jarge white hillocks with tops of reddith brown, furnifhed with a great number of fmall pipes; for the conveyance of milk, the refervoirs of honey are placed ata distance under the grove, and be-tween tne moffy fkirts of the fountain; they empty by a number of canals -into the grand avenue; and will difcharge their'contents on the genteel friction of a fmall conduit pipe. Many travellers have vifited this delightful country and felt the honey, but only by permiffion of the fair lady of the manor, who expects a fee for the licence, D 2 This ( 28 J This {weet girl was lately kept by a merchant of the city. She is about twenty-two, very fair and tall, and dreffes remarkably well. Mifs G—een, Mary-le- bone. O love be modcrate, allay thy extacy, In meafure raix thy joy, {cant this excefs, I feel too much thy bleffing, make it lefs For fear I furfeit This nymph is rather tall, genteely proportioned, very fair and delicate, Jarge beautiful blue eyes, good teeth, and amost enchanting face, and-of fuch an age, that fhe might with great truth apply to herfelf the fong, ¢¢ Time has not thinn’d my flowing hair.°? Being only fisteen, Mifs G—-, about a year ago, fell into a fort of melancholy, which drew on a flight fever; ber mother, being alarmed for her health, removed her from the boardingfchool to M————, in order to try what effect the fea air would have over her difordere! ( 29 ) diforder.. She lefe her with. a friend; in the fame family lived: Mr. S—, a young Oxonian, whofe father had placed there for the recovery of his “ealth, he having fometime before had fe'veral fymptoms of an approaching confumption, which fome attributed to too great an epplicaticn 10 bimfelf, and indeed the dilorder of Mifs G—, had been aifo attributed to the fame caufe. As they not only lodged, but. bearded, or rather made part of the family, the good people of the houfe being charged wich them, wert highly plea ajed with the mutual and tender polisenéfs they fhewed: to each other; Mifs G—, was very fond of flowers, and never was fo happy, but when fhe had a large nofegay in her bofom. She had obferved that Mr. S—, had alfo a great partiality for that crnament, hough fhe was not thoroughly acquainted with the fecret No fluence of large enafegays, full the loxurious perfume of {weet flowers excited in her fuch latcivious fenfations, that fhe was unhappy when fhe had nota monstrous broom of them in her bofom, One morning the: weather Leing very fine, as they were taking their ufual walk D3. - in ¢ 30 +)! in the Park, nature whifpered fost de| fires to them both, while Cupid on one | fide and. Venus on the other, marked them out for mutual instru€tions to each ee ‘other. Mifs G—, wore that day a beaum F FE tiful nofegay, of a.most enormous fize, ae and indeed the douquet had fuch an effect moe on Mr. S—, that he could fcarce con-tain himflelf; he kept {melling to it for a confiderable time, flealing a kifs, now and then, from her. At length growing more bold, and the lefs referved, he not only offered to thrust his hand in her bofom, but even to draw the curtain of \ wodelty, for which fhe gently reprimanded him, and told him he was va/tiy rude and naughty, -but he foon stopped her mouth, by giving her the most animated and delicious kiffes; while almost -vanquifhed, and yielding to his defires, | he flily conveyed into her virgin hand | the stately ma/ffer-piece of nature, which my {o far electrified her, that fhe fell, as if 4 in a trance, with her head on_ his 5 fhoulder, which accident the young | gentleman immediately improved, and aster a faint refistance on her part, ene joy’d confummate hap pinefs. When the storm of love fubfided, the burst into a flood ~. ww °. 5 oe ee ot Set a Re en 1 ( 31 ) flocd of tears, and afked him, “ how he dared to ufe her fo?” to which he repliect in the most- foothing tone, that fhe was fo charming, it was impoffible for him to have done otherwife. However, they vowed on their knees to be constant to each other, and returned home greatly delighted with the adventure of the douquet, as they called it asterwards. In fhort, they contrived matters fo artfully, that almost every night, when the family were in bed, the young gentleman {tole to her chamber, and rioted in all the excefs of love. Milfs G— is now Kept by the fame gentleman, who behaves to her with the egreatest honour, It is arule with us not to give the number of the houfe where the ladies kepe live, where we are not fure they are com-a-table; this is the cafe, we are told, withthis lacy, —: Milfs. ( 32 j Mifs Gr--v—or, No. 100, Berner Stree?, at a Perfumer’s Shop. « If for the joy of love thy bofom pine, Sweet youth approach, and eafe thy pain on mine, ' This young girl 1s about: eighteen, with pretty blue eyes, dark hair, rather fhort, but well made. She lately came from Portfmouth. Her demand always rife in proportion to the feeming height of defire in her vificor. She has a pretty inviting countenance, and’ her complexion draws a pleafing line between the brunette and the fair, and blends both in fuch a manner, as to make a very pleafing medium. Her lovely balf globes of nature, are never“thelefs of the fairest hue, and fo proud of their fituation, that they never fink below their destined mark; but though ‘they never fall, they osten elevate themfelves in a very pleafing manner, and tell the gazer, in very plain terms, the fituation of Cupid’s-coalbole, whofe embers are now fufficiently warmed to admit the red-headed-torch, which, when buried in her forge, fhe can at one fingle stroke, ( 33 ) flroke, mechanically melt down, wichout much lols of weight, to a very great lofs of fubfiance; and is fo handy, that with the greatest facility, in general, fhe can make him recover his former figure. She is allowed to be an agreeable companion, and generally behaves tolerably well, Mifs Pe—h—m, No. 52, Lower News man-Street. Her little heart beats raptures to the joy, And love, from morn to night, is her employ. A genteel girl, about twenty, tall, fair complexion, and blue eyes. This pretty priestefs of Venus is rather delicate in her function; for, notwithstanding fhe 1s as earnestin her devotions, as any, fhe always obferves a particular decorum, and constantly reverts her eyes at the fame time that fhe strokes the standard of pleafure. A fund of native good-humour appears to beam in her countenance, and gives her looks fuch a {weetnefs and fimplicity, that when fhe performs ( 34 ) performs the rites of Venus; you would fwear fhe was facrificing her virginity: at the fhrine of lust; yet her motions bely her looks, for the is fo perfect a mistrefs of the most lafcivious maneuvres, kiffes fo lufcioufly, and clings to thofe fhe embraces with fuch, a delicious eagernefs, that her paramours declare fhe is a perfect thais. Whofe who have been in her arms, only. blame nature for not having bestowed on them the power of repeating fuch pleafures more frequently; and thofe who have not enjoyed her, upon {feeing her, will be immediately informed of the influence of her looks by the fudden rifing of a certain noble memdéer in her behalf. Whoever has a fiperfluous guinea in his pocket, and is difpofed to Jay it out with this lady, will, meega very cordial reception, Mifs ( 35 ) Mifs Bron, No. 9, Wardour- Street, Soko. Ye votaries of Venus hither come; Come ye voluptuons to this blifsful feast; Here taste the {welling bowl of poignant joy $ ‘Here quench your amorous flame in pleafure’s lap" Unbind her ccestus, and diffolve in love. a. This truly agreeable girl has every charm that can feast the eye of the nicett voluptuary. She is about fixteen, of -a ‘middling fize and delicately proportions -ed, fair complexion, good teeth, and her breath like the fragrance of the new mown hay; her breasts are in the fullest proportion, and will rebound with the most grateful ardour to the hand’s fost preffure. in fhort, every limb, taken ‘either feparately or together, ‘difplay a fymmetry equalled by few; fo that all true votarics of Venus would do well to vifit this {weer nymph, warm with the genial current of vigorous health,.and ‘rich with the generous vitality of tender youth to prefs her balmy lips, where nectat' ever hangs to-gratify the talte of thirtt (36) | thirst itfelf; to mix their eager limbs with hers, and catch the burning glow of amorous feeling in all the twinings of luxuriant love, ‘till fired by the maddening tranfoort of unutterable fenfa. tion, they hasten to the joy. Should, however, a lover be zaughty, the will affuine immediately the charaéter of a young governefs, pull his breeches down to his heels, and with a good birch rod whip his bum, on her lap, till the is {ure that be is very good, and who would not like to be saughty and feel the birch: from the ‘hand of fuch a pretty creature. This hvely and charming girl was educated at a boarding-fchool, art Barnet, and lest lately her fi': ‘ends.. She ts of an affable di {pofition, and a very agreeable coinpanion. [fer expectations are n O Ways CXtravagant. Milfs Dic—-k—on, No. 11, Union-Street, Middlefex-Ho/pital, so Young and amorcus as the dove.” This pretty girl is about fixteen, tall, fine languifhing blue eyes, good teeth, of ( 37) of a mild temper and generous difpofition; fo that the true votary of the Cyprian God, and ful of the liquid balm, need not be deterred from vifiting her from any pecuniary fear; though fhe has not been long in the fervice, yet has acquired much ikill and reputatioa in the upeand-down bufinefs of love; fhe 1s very fincere to the fost. goddefs, and directs the dart of Cupid to the centre of pleafure, with a peculiar dexterity; every young defire might here be nurfed to tranfport, for never was aricher bed for them to revel in, than the iwelling fostrefs of her down body; her brealts filled with the milky tubes of nature, and warm with the vital current of each purple vein, rife into two fuch femiglobes, that the happy poffeffor of this world of {weets has no need to envy a Cefar wi.h his capacious earthly globe; for how fuperior is love to ambition, and the potleflion of a lovely object for one night, flands higher in the eye of, pleafure, than to wield the fceptre of the preatcit monarchy fora year. We are told, that this {weet nymph ran away lately from her friends. One guinea for a thorough engagement in the wars of Er; Venus, a { 38 ) Venus, is what the thinks herfelf very well worth. Mifs Wil—f—n, S*t. George’s-Row, Jpollo-Gardens. O what raptures are in whipping! Scolding, cuffing, rocring, crying! When my a—e I fecl a stripping, And the birch at cach stroke flying! Yet me my mamma behold, For the dance divinely drest, And the menflrous deuguet in her breatt. Let me be faucy, and bald, O, then, to hear her rave and fcold" Raging, the rod o’er my backfide, Lafhing, flafhing, till itis flay’d, No blifs on earth, can equal nize. ‘This pretty votary of birch difcipline is very genteel, and about fevenreen, with fine blue eyes that are very expreffive; her complexion ig delicate and fair. Her moufer keeps a haberdahery fhop in the Borough, and Mifs generally attends her to church every Sunday.; Vhere ( 39 ) There is a little feverity pictured in the countenance of this young lady, which, we fuppofe, fhe has contraéted in the bufinefs fhe follows, being a fort of affistant to an elderly woman who keeps a day {chool for boys and girls. The old lady being rather infirm, it is generally Tits that inflicts the punifhmeant of the birch rod on the unruly or idle children, a punithment fhe is very fond of, as fhe jays, very justly, that it is the only one that has any effect. When the fchool is over, fhe is to be met at Apollo Gardens, the Spa, &c. She has a good friend in the uncle of one of her pupils, who is remarkably fond of birch. One day he called to the fchool to complain of his niece, a little wicked girl about thirteen, and to get her a good whipping for playing the truant. The old lady was not at home, but Mifs W Was, and intending to go to the Spa that evening to fee the firc-works, fhe was remarkably well-dreffed, and happened to have in her bofom a beautiful nofegay; uncommonly large, which gave her fuch a lafcivious look that the gentleman was quite {truck with her, which. She perceiving, and fufpecéting from his BK 2 difcourfe, ( 40 ) difcourfe, he was fond of birch, fhe difmiffed the fchool, it being near the time, and ordered an apprentice, a stout girl, to horfe the young minx, ard taking out cf a clofet a large rod, made of new birch, the whipped her with if, before her uncle, for near ten minutes, with the utmost feverity. The gentleman was the time in raptures, when fhe had done, he returned her many thanks for the trouble fhe had been at, afked her leave to accompany her to the Spa, and in liis way confefled his paffion for, birch. Since that time, he has vifited her two or three timesa week. ‘This pretty flagellane has feveral admirers, though rather bafhful ‘and difficult of accefs. Thofe that are fond of the birchen game are fure to be well ufed by her, as fhe takes herfelf an uncom. mon delight in it, but fhe is not mercenary, and keeps company only with gentlemen who must be introduced to her. She is very fond of drefs, and is feldom in the fummer,- without a mone stroas bouquet, which fhe always wears very high on the lest fide of her bofom, particularly when fhe performs the birchen operation, or-any of the rites of ( 41 ) of Venus; as fhe fays, fhe knows by experience, that the fwect fcent of flowers not only excite libidinous defires, but alfo aggravate very much venereal enjoyment. Mifs RBr—-n, at Mrs. Vin—c—t, at No. 8, Wardour-street, Sobo. ‘© With melting strains fhe gains the heart, «© And when in bed performs her part.’”? This lovely brunetre is tall, with a pair of {parxling dark eyes, a tolerable good face, and is about twenty-one. Her polite behaviour in company makes it always as aprecable as it is entertaining; for the is very chatty: indeed upon the whole, fhe does all in her power ta make herlelf pleating, and is generally fuccefsful; there is nota motion that the Jafcivious can defire, but the does not practife with pleafure; and atthe eritical moment, fhe clings, the claps, fhe {queezcs, fizhs, murmurs, breathes, and trembles with fuch earnettnefs, that the most cold mutt be moved, aud the warm of constitution expire with pleafure; as 3 fhe ( 42 ) fhe is extremely fond of the fport, fhe is not over and above exorbitant,. when fhe meets wich one to her mind, / Mrs. Pem—b—on, No. 28, Charlotte. fiveet, Portland. Place. ‘* None more fit tke mystic rite to move, ss And eafe the panting heart, which throbs ss with love.”? There are few who can boast of more perfonal charms than this lady, the ts tall and majestic, yet her mein is eafy. A fine face and a good fkin, dark hair and eyes. She is rather a veteran in the mysteries of Venus, being about thirty, and chiefly reforted by elderly gentlemen; fhe appears a perfect mistrefs of all the incentives, modes, and devices, to gratify the inordinary appetite and arbitrary taste of the worn-out debauchee. She is, however, very active and nimble, and not a litile clever in the performanee of the a¢t of friction, which renders her to all a very defirable companion. We are told that- fhe is alfo very dexterous at handling a bir’ rod, ( 43 ) rod, and though a lady of great fenfibility, fhe will whip thofe lazy good for nothing pupils of Venus, tll fhe makes them good for /emething. In bed fhe will twine and twist, figh and murmur, pant and glow with unfeigned emotions, and never be tired of love’s game, whilst the blind doy can find the way iv. For all the joys that is in the power of love to give, fhe only expects a moderate compenfation; as fhe is by no means mercenary. Mrs. Co—I—ns, No. 30, Charles-/tr ef, Middlefex -Ifofpital. ‘© What fhe can do, fhe does with eafe; ‘* For ’tis her fole del cht to pleafe.”” Mrs. C— has charms equal to any of her fex, fhe is of a good fize, very plump, her features agreeable, her eves a fine black, and an excellent fkin. She is about twenty-fix, and her knowledce in the meretricious art is faid to be very great, as fhe is fure to pleafe all who engage with her; fhe likes to do buste nefs at home, yet if much folicited, will condefcend ( 44 ) condefcend to go to a tavern or baenio, Being very much inclinable to be fat, fhe endeavours by drawing off plentifully of feminal juices to prevent it, though in vain. It is faid, the is very D> amorous, and has courage enough not to be ‘afraid of the largest and th strongcst man that ever drew weapon in the caufe of love. She is of a free and open heart, and her admirers never find that either their money or time is thrown away in her company. Mrs. Ma—h—n, London-street, Tottenbam- Court-Road. She robb’d fome guardian-angel of her form, The wanton graces on her looks attend, Dance in her fmiles, and o’er her dimpled cheek, Play am’rous dalliance. We never remember to have feen a a lady that gave us half ‘© home- felt de‘€ light,” as this has the power of difs penling, ineffable fweetnels ever adorns her countenance, but when fhe fmiles, 6s She ( 45 ) -« She cast alook folaneguifhingly {weet, ‘* as if fecure of ail beholders hearts, “© neglecting fhe could take ’em.’ We decline giving any further detcription of this beautiful bird from Paradife, her many accomplithments being pretty well known. She is, at prefent, it is faid, In keeping. Mifs Wa-—k—er, No. 9, Wardoure Street, Soko. Sure heav’n alone fech graces can beltow, Where nature’s richest tints fuperbly glow; What pencil can do justice to the fair; So regular her form, fo fweet her air, Each glance the coldest, denfest breast muf MOVE, To taste with her the richest joys of love. In the eighteenth year of her ALe, this pretty nun of the Cyprian order, poflefles as enchanting a fet of features as ever adorned a woman. Her perfon is exceedly delicate, though her pretty arched eye- brows are as black as ebony, her eyes are blue, tender, bright and {parklings ( 46 ) fparkling. Her complexion is rather of the brunette, with dark brown treffes hanging in wanton ringlets down her back. Her teeth and lips are beautiful. The moment fhe opens her mouth you perceive the beauty of pearls, and the {weetnefs of rofes. Nothing is more fost than her looks, more pleafing than her carriage, or more moving than the found of her voice: an air of: eaiety and Inexprefiible tendernefs breathe around her; but fo happily tempered, that fhe never fails to engage the heart of the beholder. What a heartfelt farisfaction mutt it not give tothofe, whofe generous bofoms are capable of the tender paffion, that hearts congenial with their own are ready and willing; for a trifling compenfation (for what are a few guineas on fuch an occafion) to relieve thofe distreffes, and affuage thofe torments which must otherwife prove extremely irkfome, fometimes, even dangerous. At every balmy kifs your very foul feems parting from its manfion; and in the noment of extatic Joy, ‘* She beggars ‘all defcription.”” So great is, however, the power of this charmer, that when the minutes of fost dalliance are Overs, ( 47 ) over, by her endearing careffes, you quickly feel the enerved warrior invigorated, and as able as when firlt he took the field. ‘This [weet girl 1s lately come from Bagfhot, and we underitand fhe was kept, a fhort time, by lord G——. Mifs S—f—er, No. 32, Windinill-street, [Tay-market. Mcthinks when in thy arms, Or Icaning on thy breast, one minnte’s more Than a long thoufand years of vulgar hours, This lady who is no more than fixteen, is truly pretty. Her amiable temper and good-nature, plead in conjunction fo very powerfully, and add fo many charms toevery feature, that you can longer look without loving. She has well formed firm breasts, of a fair complexion.’ She has a little of thar crummy calt, which does not extend beyond a defirable plumpnefs, or de. prive her in bed from making a defirable fellow. She always plays her part very well, when once heartily engaved; the feeds « 48 ) feeds like a glutton on the delicious more Jel, and where the vivid tube is rendered, inanimate, fhe never fails to animate it again, with new life and vigour, bya method peculiar to herfelf. She expects a guinea, if only half a one, fhe will pocket the affront. Mrs. W—Id, No. 5, Cleveland-street, Mary-le- bone. Oh! blifs to exquifite; too refincd to last, Two {eulscemented in one mutual trance: The grafping twine, the half clos’d fwimming ey Speak ncture, “rulhing to the central fpot, Diffolving a all the fenfes into one. This pretty blue-eved, fmiling girl, has a fine perfon, and is elecantly fhaped. Her complexion is fair, ‘Though very delicate, the still gives herfelf up to the most voluptuous exercifes of the soddefs Venus, and it is faid, fhe gives uncommon delight in the amorous contest. Nature hes piven her a childith appearance, which amongit fome of our {portfinen, ( 49 ) fportfmen, ats as a powerful fpur; her temper is most engaging, and all her charms are heightened, if poffible, by the elegance of her drefs: neither has the too frequent ufe of the most. bewitching fpot rendered it the least callous to the joys of love: encircling her o e Jovely limbs, implanting the burning o kifs with broken fighs, and half uttered murmurs, fhe feels all that torrent of rapture the mutual diffolution of two jouls in liquid blifs can poffibly afford; meets the coming moment with uncorrimon extacy; and afks the fpeedy return. She is now in the twency-first year of her age, though it is but Jately ihe has trod the common path. Mifs Smith, No. 36, at a China-Shop, Char lotte-fireet, Midalefex-Ho/pital. On a couch the lafcivious maid lay, With her head reclin’d upon her nofegay; Tfaw her uuieen, and in her bright eyes, Read the mad language of untiught defires. Tt is a difficult tafk for a writer of Biography, elpeciall: when the fost fex i) is ( go ) ig the theme, on which he is to exercife his talents, to do jultice to all; but when there is nearly an equality in the merit of the perfons, how can he fucceed in varying his flyle, fo as to give fatisfadlion to the readers. It is not the variety of features, however infinite, that he can find his materials; the impreifion the feveral objects are capable of making on his imagination, mutt fupply the matter; yet we flatter ourfelyes, that were a profufion of charms fo brilliant as that of the ladies we now celebrate, rufh upon the memory, a little confufion of ideas wil) be allowed, and pardoned: particularly when it is onficered that our labours are pro bono publica 9. The fair one whom we now prefent, 1s in her twentieth year, rather Shorr, but elegant. Eley eyes are blue, and have in them an expreffion of tendernefs. {er complexion is fair, and ladeed fhe is what may ke called a pretty girl, There is fomething inher admirably calculated to excite defire, and as fhe 1s remarkably fond of the {pozt, fhe feldcm fails to pleate her various culicmers, and wii! for one gulnea, s ( 51 ) nea, give a proof of her adaptnefs in the {cience fle poffeffes. ee Mifs Ro--b-—ts, No. 8, Meard’s Court, Sobo. Here all love’s fweetnefs in profufion flows, And blooming health in all its ardour glows. The proficiency this lovely girl has made in the fchool of love, at the tender age of fixteen, is astonifhing. She is tall, well made, and of a fair complexion. So indefatigable is fhe in her industrious endeavours to pleafe, that fhe never fuffers fleep to give interruption to her joys, when by waking fhe can enhance them. Her father is a cork-cutter in the Borough, and we understand tha: the fpends half of the year at home, and the other half fhe follows the Cyprian trade. We could with pleafure expatiate on the numberlefs perfections that are confpicuous in this lady, but the plan we have adopted will not permit us to fay as much of every one, as we are convinced fhe is worthy of; we, therefore, flatter our F 2 felves, ( §2 ) felves, that our readers will fatisfy themfelves by perfonal vifits of the peculiar merit of each fair one, and thus prove the fincerity of. our defire to pleate, One pound one will fecure any centicman as comfortable a night’s fport in as fecure a grove, as ever mofs covered. Mifs Be—ts, No. 36, Union-Street, Middlefex-l1ofpital. The Britifh fair to manly hearts inclin’d, Their paffions open, and their fouls unbind; °Tis nature prompts, what harm can be in this, Yo give and take from each the balmy kifs. This fweet lady came about two years ago from Cambridge, where, if report {peaks true, fhe was in keeping with a Mr. C—, a young ccllegian, for near twelve months; but, like most of his brother trcnchers, was for variety, confequently deferted his fair charmer, when fhe was induced to come to that delightful fpot, london, where, by her angelic countenance, love {parkling eyes and an clegant fhape, fhe was {oon noticed, and what is more tempting to the ( 53 ) the lovers of the fport, fhe is bleffed with a delicate and engaging behaviours never bordering on indecencies. Upon the whole, we siay pronounce this Cyprian fair a most defirable piece. She keeps the houfe; and any gentleman may witnefs the truth of our affertion, for a pretty compliment, which we are certain will be amply defervecl by the amorous, and inexpreffible pleafure he will receive in the arms of this delicate female. Milfs J—kf—n, No. 52, Lower Newman-Street. Where every charm admits of infpection, And every new pofure procurcs an eredticn; Here revel in blifs without fear cf dejedction,s The ev’ning’s amufement bears morning’s rereflection. | To thofe who in partaking of the delights of Venus, love to behold the real fymptoms of reciprocal enjoyment In the partner of their blifs, this Sweee girl cannot fail of encearing herfelf. She I’ 3 i S ( 54 ) is about fixteen, tall for her age, but her whole appearance is what we do not hefitate to pronounce genteel: her complexion is exceeding fair, has a pretty arm, leg and foot. She will prove a most defirable piece to thofe who are fond of a certain fafhionable game, but the birch must be purchafed with gold. In fhort, fhe is fuch as a man of tafle cannot leave in the morning without determining to renew his vifit. Mrs. V—ne—t, No. 8, Wardour-Strees, Sobo. Here frifkky nymphs bid mirth unclouded reign, Here kcenest pleafure diffipates all pain; Here beautcous limbs in wanton posture move, Exciting tranfports boundlefs as they love. This is a pretty fair woman, rather fhort, about twenty-four. Keeps the houfe herfelf, and can produce {cveral girls, with either of whom, any man might be proud to play at laugh and lay “down. Mifs ( 55 ) Mifs Wi—I—ms, No. 7% Weardoure Stiect, Sobd. Isa pretty Welch girl, about twentytwo, tall and well made. Is partly in. keeping, but has no objection to fee a friend. However, as her keeper is a fea-faring captain, we need hardly fay fhe knows what it is to be well manned. She is not an old fhip in the fervice, and is reckoned a prime failer, notwith{tanding fhe had many a broadfide poured in upon her. She has been osten boarded, and yet has never fprunk a leak. Some think fhe carries her main-topfail too high. Her rigging fome months ago was very much thatcered, but was re-fitted at the expence of Capt. ° She expects rather a handfome premium for her favours. Mifs Da—v—s, No. 17, Wardour Street, Soho. Hither come and bring your dust, Flither come and quench your luf. This pretty nymph is about eighteen, tall, and rather of a dark complexion, 1s « 56 ) is lately come from Bristol, and repore fays, was kept afhort time by an officer, for whom fhe lest her friends. She is exceeding fond of the fport, of a goodnatured difpofition, and has no objection to comply with the demands of any perfon, provided they prove generous. She knows life, confequently is no stranger to the caprices of fome kind of vifitors, who mut{t be treated like children before they can prove themfelves men. @ Milfs Go—ld, No. 16, Suffolk-Strect, Middlefex-Hofpital. This lady is aboue feventeen, fair, tall, anc! really handfome. Her beauty has already procured her the honour of being kept fometime by a nobleman. But wncther her charms proved fo lufcious as to cloy him, or not, we co not pretend to fay; but certain it 1s, fhe is a tid bit for thofe who prefer youth and Leauty to age and flupidity. She drefies very gay, and is very fond of appearing at public places with large feathers ( 57 ) feathers on.her head, and a monstrous bonquet 10 her bofoin. Mrs. Ro—s, No. 8, Buckingham-Sireet, Mary-le-bone. What images fhall eloquence prepare, To paint a form fo perfe& and fo lovely? Others by flow degrees advance 1n love $ And step by step, and leifurely get ground. We, article with judgment ’ere we yield 5 Reafon reflecting ost where fancy’s found,’ She feizes hearts, not waiting for con{ent. ‘Like fudden death that fnatches unprepar’d g Like light’ning’s flame, {carce feen fo foon as felt, All other beauties feem inferior stars, At her appearance vanifhing a-pace; Whenever fhe mounts, they fet. This lady was lately kept by Prince of C » fhe is.a mest elegant and ‘Inviting young creature about one and ‘twenty, and in ouropinion, not inferior in point of beauty to any of the hichest beauties in his Majestv’s dominions; her face, her hair, her gait, appear to be fomething ( 58 ) fomething almost more than mortal; her perfen-i3 tall and delicate, her eyes dark, bright and fparkling; her eve-brows are vw, ~ black as ebony, her hair alfo is of a beautiful black, which fhe always wear dreffed most fafhionably; the treffes feem interwoven by the fingers of love; her neck is most delightfully formed, and her complexion is finely animated by the pure tints of nature, which art yainly attempts to imitate; her teeth and lips are fo beautiful, that the moment fhe opens her mouth, you perceive the beauty of pearls, and the {weetnefs of rofes; ina word, fhe is full of graces, Nothing is more fost than her looks, more jvleafing than her carriage, or more moving than the found of the voice; an air of gaiety and inexpreffible tendernefs breathe around her, but fo happily tempered, that, though every one who beholds her must admire, yet fhe has Knowledge enough to be prudent, and takes care to be in a fair way of becoming in a fhort time, entirely independent. Though cheerful, fhe is rather referved, but at night the fulfils.the expreffion of Sciotto. When ( 59 > When bluthing fiom the light and public eyes, To the kind covert of the night fhe fies With equal fre to meet her lover 20-ves Within his arm, and witha 4o/ fhe loves. Mrs. Jo—f—n, No. 3, Joan Street, Portland-Street. What pleafes one man, will not another, This fancies one iafs, and that’s fond of t’other. This pretty female is rather fhor, tolerably well made, with pretty lively dark eyes, always dancing in the fuid of amorous dalliance, fhe dues not appear to be above nineteen. She is of a dark complexion, and rather fat. Herprowefs in the amorous field, has been many a time tricd, and though fmall, fhe isavle-roin the (trenath of her parts and ardour of inclization, to humble the pridoa of any man, and when fhe has him once on his knees, fhe never fails to make him Seid bimfclf thoroughly vanquithed, though at the fame time (whether out of intult or no, we leave to be detertnined by thofe who have engaged her) ( 60 ) her) fhe will ufe every endeavour to raife her fallen antagonijt up again, and leave no manual or birchen inducement unpractifed to make him frend up fliff againit her. In fhort, fhe feems to poffefs as great an inclination for the mysteries of the Cyprian deity, as any Duchefs in the three kingdoms. Her expecta_tions are by no means unreafonable. Mrs. W~--f—n, No. 11, Holland Street, Scho. *Tis not an cye, or lip, we beauty call; But the full force and juint refule of all. A fine tall, genteel woman, about twenty-four, of a dark-complexion, with fire black eyes, and of an amorous confiitution. Jter behaviour is naturally good,- fhe charms with eafe and delicacy. and even when fhe raifes the foul to extatic, undefcripable blifs, fhe preferves a conduét that always refines enjoyment, and deprives it of difgult. In her cndeavou: to pleale, we are credibly inforired, the {pares no pains, and is truly of the melting mood; fo that, ire tne ( 61 ) the fkilful gardener, fhe plentifully fhowers down the geaia! dew on whatever feed is fown in her parterre. Sne keeps the houfe, and for the accommos dation of her nu rerous vifitors, the entertains feveral little agreeable fillies, who are always ready, at the fhortest notice, to engage.in the amorous rencounters ‘of Cupid, and relieve the distrefed who are labouring uader the amorous diforder. M.fs Ro—b—t, No. 10, Queen-Aan Street, Bas. The wanton, mighty Jove, in all his glory, With ail the art of elegance divine, Found the nymph coy, and blind to all his charms; Till chang’d at last into a golden fhow’r, ‘She precigus drops difiolv’d her into love., What can a heart fraught with the glowing warmth of luxuriant fenfibility, and ficrce with an imagination fervent as the doy’s bright Juminary, which nature has impreiled with colourings all G her ( 62 ) own, with for more than. the full. exjuyment of a-nymph young, pretty, and Jovely in her difpofition, as well as her perfon; fecming with iweets, and iwelling with defire too exuberant, too poignantly fierce to brook confinement, Here the votaries of Venus can riot in charms, tii every fcene is filled with endearing tranfport, and the fierce angulth of almost uubearable pleafure call for the gratifying that fen/e, w-ich like Aaron’s /erpent iwallows up -the reff, and collecting-every ray of fire, is rencered fo impetuous as to remove evcry weak barrier with hot impatience, and force at once into the magic circle of all her charmis uncentered, till stung with che delightful fri€tion, her whole frame is bufy to improve and heighten the killing joy; hands, lips, eyes, brealts, all confpire to hasten the blifgful death, which being 7 at, he enjoys with unfueakaule pleafure, whilst the reams ot fruiticn pour on both fides trom every Jpring of life, mingle all its /weelss breaitlefs they le, diffolued in extacy, tii) recovering life, they pant agzin for death. ‘Vhis young charmer is not above feventeen. Lair, tall, very genteel and agreeable, ( 63 ) agrecable, a good complexion, with pretty blue cyes. She lately lived with a gentleman in Westminster as his houfekeeper. We are told fhe is far from beings mercenary. a Mifs Th—m—as, No. 8, Crown-Courts Dean-Street, Sobo. Small in perfon, large in love. Mifs T is rather of a middle fize, but. very pretty, of a fair complexion, with pretty eyes and very {mare in her drefs. Though this lady is not one of the first clafs of beauties, there is a certain fomething in her manner of performing that always gives great fatisfaction to thofe who engage with her, no woman is more active in the fports of Venus, and as fhe abounds herfelf in love, fhe takes no fmall pains to fatisfy the cravings of her constirution, yet fhe always makes a point of being delicate in her amours. We understand fhe was at first taken into keeping, but another, and another [poiler came; fo finding the could not keep constant to one long, G. 2. fhe ( 64 ) fhe began the trade in general, and indeed fhe feldom wants customets, being naturally obliging dnd always full of fpirits. She feldom cavil in regard to price, if the gallant fuits her inclination. ‘Mrs. Ba—es, No. 21, Upper Newman Street, Middlesex. Ho/pitas. When my folds of blifs unfold, Joys too mighty to be told, Taste what extafies they give, Dying raptures, taste and live; In My ome, difdaining meafure; Come and pour in all thy treafure; Sost defires that fweetly languihh, Fierce delight that rife to anguiih. This lady is rather tall, of a fair come plexion. She feems to be about twenty-one, and though fhe stands in as Iittle need of the ule of art, as any woman in the kingdom, yet, like many others, fhe deviates fo far from tne ufe cf what is neceffary, that almost all her dretling appendages and parapharmatia are fo foreign ( 65 ) foreign from what they ouzht to be, that most of them are pernicious; we beg fhe will not be offended if we take the liberty to inform her that French white. and Spanifo red, will in time, produce a very powerful Naples yellow. Though fhe drefles most elegantly, we fhould advife her as well as the ladies who confecrate thcir hfe to the performance of the different rites of Venus, to drefs in white, to have always their hair beautifully areffed and highly perfumed, and their bofom adorned with a large Jouguet of natural or artificial flowers well fcented, which fhould be wore very high on the lest fide, for as the poet jays, ‘* Beauty is nature to ad‘* vantage drefs’d.” Her eyes are black, and fwirn in that precious fluid which conveys the emotions of the foul to the heart of the beholde:s with an energy that fhrills through the nerve of pleas fure, and excites the mott exquifite fenfations. Uponthe whoie, the is an elegant and inviting woman, and when feen by the curious in beauty, the is fure to gain uncommon predilection, efpecially as her dernand is reafonatle. Mrs. B— keeps the honfe, and in her G 3 frit ( 66 ) first floor, there is another lady, about her age, with flaxen hair, and to all appearances, a very defirable object, but we do not know her name. Milfs R—e—rs, No.9, Holland-Street,. Scho. Let courtiers contend for the white rod of fate, Or fquarder their gold for a parliament feat; None but a birchen rod can give tranfport and glee, While horfed, or while whipt on a fine wo. man’s knee, Ye fair handed ladies that brilliants difplay, Whofe angelic beauties enliven the day, When you bare my backfide to the birchen rod, ) At each stroke I feel myfelf greater than a demi-god. ‘In the fchool birch’s virtue to you is well known, There you tickle the bum of the black, fiir and brown, And ost in the bed, as an auntor fep-mother, You flay the a—fe of your bold step fon or daaghter, Did ( 67 ) ‘Did all women but know what a biifs a rod vields, When an arm white ‘as fnow with vigour 12 wields, They’d find all the boys heretofore, a meso farce, And the laurel of fame they’d find, whipping an a—{e! This lady joins fo many agreements, to a good perfon, as makes her a molt delightful vaffal of ‘Venus. She is tall, thin. oirl, with light hair, fair come plexions pretty blue eyes, and feems not to much above twenty. She has a haughty deportment, and a countenance, when fhe chufes, of the utmost-feverity, which makes her company very much ugnt 8 aster, by thoie gentlemen who 16 iond of bei ng whipped by pretty women. Report fi ys, fhe is the daughter cf a f{chool-miltrefs at B 5 who {till keeps the {choo} with a fister of hers. Milfs k-, froin the frequent Whippings the gave to her pupils when fhe lived with her mother, acquired fuch a propenfity for all the fports of Venus, that fhe came to town and. opened f 68 j opened a {chool for grown-up gentle. mcn. Being exceeding laiciv ious, fhe makes a most excellent partner in bed, and will repeat the pleaiure as osten as you pleafe, and give you fuch a treat of voluptuous enjoyment, fuch a featt of amorous delight, that you thall fay with pleafure in the word of a celebrated poet, Ungrateful time to chace away the might, Did with his fcythe make pinions for his flight. We have been told fhe is vifited by an Oxonian, a very excentric young man, who is exceeding fond of birch. Whenever he comes, aster they have drank together a bottle of wine. Mifs R-, brings from the next room, a fine birch broom, quite new and ercen, then fhe affumes a most fevere countenance, gives. to her lover a page to Jearn in the bircben bouquet, or in the ladies tickler, allowing him about ‘a quarter of an hour during that interval, fhe makes a most cutting rod with half of the broom, and the other half ihe pins to her bofom asa a noiegay, as he takes an uncommon delight | ( 69 ) delight in feeing her with a monstrous. bouquet of birch inher bofom. When the time is expired, he attempts to fay the tafk, the first fault he makes, the pulls his breeches down to his heels, and pins up his fhirt to his fhoulders, as {chool-muistrefies do to big boys and oirls when they are going to whip them; then fhe gives him about a dozen of | Jathes as hard as fhe can, and fo on for every word he miffes, he fanding before her, and fhe fetting on a fopha; this, perhaps, will last half an hour, when fhe gets up in a feeming violent paffion, and paffing her fost.arm round his waist, fhe then whipt his posteriors without flopping for near a quarter of an hour, and with a feverity almost incredible. The comedy then finifhes by his taking her in Ins arms and plunging in inexpreffible bius, which he osten repeats three or four times before he leaves her. There are, befidcs, in that houfe, feveral pretty girls who are all willing, we have been told, to aét the part of pretty Ichool-milreffes if required, and properly compenfated, Mifs € 79 j Mifs M—I—ls, No. 93, Charlotte Street. Ratbbone-Place, If in fearch of game you rove, For to foothe your melancholy; Here you may give a loofe to love, With one that’s lovely, brifk and jolly. This true emblem of lufcious love has not been long onthetown. Sheis of a fair, delicate complexion, with fine auburn hair and lovely blue eyes, fhe is not above nineteen, and is really what may be called a fine piece of temptation. She, indeed, raifes defire to the utmost pitch, and exalts rapture fo high, that it can go no further, but must recede. °Tis true, fhe does her utmost to renew the pleafure, and generally fucceed, until nature is exhausted, and demands time to refit the emptied cells. She is an excellent posture-mistrefs, and has studied each of Aratine’s attitudes. She will very readily difplay her naked charms, and willingly exhibits Eve's water-gap, withouta fig-leaf. She has two friends who fleep alternately with her, She 1s very partial ( 7 ) partial to the private intriguing houfes, where you may be certain of meeting with her without danger of interruption. en e S Mis. J—f—on, Fermyn-Street, facing the Church, naine an the Door. Almost worn out by eating tire. The rofes on this Jady’s cheeks are in the wane, the combat between them and the lillies feem to be at an ¢nd, the latter remain victorious; however, fhe is still an agreeable companion, fenfible and mode(t in her behaviour, and genes raliy acts her part fo well as to give fatisfaction to thofe who folicit her favours. Mrs. J—, feems to be about thirty, rather thorr, but genteel, has a pretty fet of features, with a fair complexion. She bezan very early the trade, and has always been reckoned a most devour nun of the order of Venus, and fo fond is the of kecping up her reputation that fhe has no lefs than feven nuns now inher houie, for the eaifeation of her numerous vifitors; all of them arc very fervent in their devocions to the ( 72 ) the Cyprian goddefs. One of them, a most beautiful girl, it is faid, is of fo: very fanguine difpofition, that fhe is abfolutely outrageous, if difappointed in love, and will feldom forgive thofe who have erred in fo critical a moment, except they fubmic to receive from her hand the punifhment of the birch rod, but to thofe of prelific parts, fhe would facrifice her foul, and in her extacy is fo agitated, that had fhe firength, the would (without intention) gripe a man to deato. In this houfe all the votaries of Venus are ture to be received with all the politenefs imaginable. Nfs M—dl-—t—n, No. 6, Castle-street, Oxstrd 1. Mar het. In the choice of a laf take the frolic and gay, Tho’ fometimes you may taste the demure; But the lafs who can fliine bef in amorous play, Will give joys that are lafling and pure. This lovely girl |; ote no opportunity of improving in every thing that prowy a purly ( 73) perly belongs to her profeffion. Though not exceeding the middle fize, fhe poffelfes a’tolerable good fhape. ‘The raven-coloured locks that fhade her ivory neck, fhine with a brillianey which no pencil can fuccefsfully i1mitate, and from her fine black eyes, fhe cafls fuch irrefistible glances, as produce every effect, her most fanguine withes can form; nor can the perfon who attentively views her, drag his arrested steps until he has paid the tribute to her charms which they fo richly merit.— She is about twenty, rather of a dark complexion, but as the effence of love does not confist in the adventitious tincture of a ikin, or any other. peculiar ornament, fhe makes amends:for any deficiency of that kind, by a knowledge of her art fo profound and elaborate, that dilappointment never awaits the vifitant, who, with a chearfule nefs that evinces his fatisfaction, exchanges a guinea for the richest of nature s commodities. is Mus ( 74 ) Mrs. Gren, Lifle-Street, Leicester. Fields, name on the door, - Not very oid, nor very young. This lady is turned of thirty, yet carries her age well; fhe is a lineal defcendant of Abraham, Ifaac, and Jacob, but of which tribe we will not prefume to-determine; nor can we imagine, that he who wifhes well to the caufe of love, will trouble his head much with enquiries into the particulars of her birth and parentage.—She has a great deal of knowledge-and ability, and avery extenlive uxderflanding in whatever: percains co Jew or Gentile; it 1s faid, the had fome time ago a most con{tant vifitor in one of the tribe of Levi, who was very liberal to her, although he is amere Jew in every circumstance of life; but there is not a better man upon ’Change, not ualike Mofes, he kpows nothing of books, except the book of interest, which he has as much knowledge of as ever Hoyle had in calculatien. Mrs. G=— is rather hort, of a dark fanguine complexion, and 's perfect roifirefs of the mo lafcivious ihe ( 75 ) maneuvres; fhe keeps the houfe, and has always fome fine girls that live with her. Mifs Sa--b—ry, No. 16, Little Titchfreld-Street, Oxford- Market. Sweet nymph, whofe fweets can best allay, Thofe fires that in my bofom prey, -“ Sweet as the cool refrefhing gale,” that blows when {corching heats prevail. This young lady is poffeffed of confiderable charms, which fhe endeavours to fet off to the best advantage: fhe was lately kept by a gentleman from Jamaica. She is not above ninereen, tall, rather of a dark complexion, with {parkling dark eyes, exprefflive of deep pe Netration; indeed the poffefies fo many indefcribable allurements, that we are convinced, were it. poffible, fhe could warm the heart of a Stoic. Her converfation denotes much good breeding, delicacy of fengiment at all times prevail (a circumflance rarely to be met with in a frail fair); we would not ad2 vile ( 76 } ‘wife any perfon to vifit this lady a fecond time, unlefs he proves himielf, by the first interview, to be a real gentleman, as we are certain he will not gain admistion. SSP Mrs, Wo-—d, Lifle-stree?, Leicefer Square. ¢¢ Profufe of charms, and pregnant with delight.”° This one roba has been this long time a true worfhipper of the Cyprian goddefs; though above thirty, the is {till an elegant woman, with a fair complexicn, and fine large blue eyes; notwithstanding the magnitude of her perfon fhe is eafy in her deportment, particularly when performing the mysterious rites of Venus. The perfections of this lady are fo well known, that we need not enlarge on them. She 1s, without doubt, a most pleafing pupil of pleafure, and perfectly competent for the instru€tion of thofe who delire to be announced students.in the mysteries of Venus. She keeps the houfe, - and ( 77 ) and has always with her fix or feven pretty femalet teachers, who help her in her laudable undertaking. Mifs B—k—tt, at Mrs. W—d—or’s, King’ s-place. Here native elegance was made to dwell, With beauty feated on: her rofy lip, Mixing their fweets with fuch a tasteful hand, That Venus’s felf might alone envy A form fo graceful, and a face fo divine. This genteel pretty filly is about eighteen, tall and elegant, of a fair complexion, with fine blue eyes, and good teeth. She is the daughter. of a refpectable gentleman at Chelfea, and received an education fuitable to the line of life fhe was to move in. About two years ago fhe received the addreffes of a certain gentleman, who profeffed the strictest honour. She was at that time exceeding drefiy, and particularly fond of wearing, in the feafon, large nofegays. Being a fubfcriber ta Ranes lagh, the ufed to refort that place ale H 3 mott ( 78 ) most every night. One evening’ that fhe was there with a young filter of hers, who generally accompanied her, fhe obferved a gentleman taking great notice of her. Mifs B— was that day uncommonly well dreffed, and wore on one fide of her bofom a monstrous bouquct compofed of beautiful mofs-rofes, carnae tions, jeflamy, and myrtle, which gave her that bewitching look that fires the torch of love at a finale glance; the no fooner fat down that the gentleman came and fat by her; aster paying her many compliments on her beauty, and the elegance of her drefs, at last he fixed his eyes on her beautiful nofegay, whofe Juxurious fragrance abforbed almost all his fentes (for he was one of thole gentlemen who cannot fee pretty women with large nofegays in their bofom, without feeling certain fenfations) and taking one of her hands, he fqueezed it and fwore to her that her charms were too irrefiflible for him to withstand. Had fhe been a little more on her guard he certainly would have married her; however, fhe implicitly believed all he told her. They drank tea together, and asterwards ufed to meet generally every night ( 79 ) night at Ranelagh. She had concealed. her amour from I her father, who, neverthelefs fufpe‘ted all was not going right. as fhe difplayed many trinkets, which he knew was not in her power to purchafe. He, particularly one day, thae fhe was going to the play with her fister, took notice of an artificial bouquet fhe had in her bofom, which on account of its monfirous fizc and of the beauty of the fluwers, which were all highly fcented,: could not cost lefs than five or fix guineas, as fhe always wore nofegzys of natural flowers, he afked her wiio gave her the bouquet, to which fhe anfwered, that the feafon of Aowers being over; a young lady of her acquaintance, whom the named, knowjng her partiality for that ornament, had made ber a prefent of it. ‘The father had, however, his dauehter’s motions watched, and fhe was traced to the place of her rendezvous with her lover. He ‘now took herto tafk and upbraided her with her conduét; but alas, remone flrances came tod Jate, for her feduction was compleated. No fooner had her father made this difcovery, than he turned her out of doors, and fhe has fince ( 8 )} fince been neceffitated to take fuch refuge as her prefent fituation affords, her lover having been fince dead. Her yifitors are all in a genteel line, behave with great politenefs to her, and cons stantly make her very genteel prefents, that enables her to figure with eelaé, whenever fhe appears in public. Madam M—r—tte, No. 70, Caffle Street, Onford- Market. ‘¢ Fat, but fmart, ¢¢ And loves the fport with all her heart.’? © This lady is about thirty, pretty tall and plump, fair hair, and dreffes very elegantly. It is faid, fhe is remarbably clever in her profeffion, and indeed fhe is a fine body for lust. In her love tranfports, fhe is at first very gentle, and moves in a rezular cadence;: but foon grows too violent to obferve any orger or meafure; her motions are very rapid; her kiffes fierce and fervent; and fhe breaks out into extravagant exprelfions of extacy, until the motionlefs Janguor of the die away moment comes ON; ( 8: } on; when aster a deep fob, fhe feems to expire in an agony of blifs. This lady keeps the houfe, and has got two young ladies who live with her. A Mifs Ba—f—ur, a pretty dark girl, about fisteen, rather tall, looks very much like a Jewefs, and a Mifs Ha—r—et, a pretty lictle fair girl, about feventeen, with a {nowy bofom, which feem to court the hand, and‘fue to be preffed, and beautiful blue eyes, particularly expreffive of love. ‘Thefe two girls are paffionately fond of the fports of Venus. It is faid, but we are not fure,; that they generaly attend on a certain phyfician, who frequently vifits there, and to whom Mifs B—- administers the birch difcipline, whilst he is engaged in the amo-_ rous combat with the lovely H—, and that fhe will osten wear two monstrous rods on his posteriors before the amorous conflict is over, Mrs. H—st—n, No. 36, Great Titchfela-Street. Start not, nor think an angel’s form in view _ Lm ficth and blood, my dear, as well as you, If yet a doubt within your breast remain, Feel this ’twill foon difpel your doubts and pains, This beautiful woman is about ewenty-three, very tau, her hair is black, though her eyes are Dine and full of life anil fire, indeed the fa'cinating charms of this densi-rep, fland eminenily confpicuous, 2 just defcription of them would bafie the. feeble pen of the writer. ‘Uhis lady’s converfation denotes much good breeding. The teme per of a woman is that alone which can fix the affections of a mans nor willa famenefs of manner be fufficient to rivet his chains; yet, in good humour there may exist a variety, which in the hands of a judicious girl, will adapt itfelf to the whim of the moment, ahd warping; as occafion may require, will, camelion like, become every thing to every body, an / ( 83 ) and even to the fame perfon, in different circumstances. This line of conduct is mo where more confpicuous than in Mrs. H——, who for foime tins: pait, has, notwithstanding (if report fpeaks true) innumerable infidelitics, found means to retain an undiminithed empire over the heart of Mr. J. » With whom fhe lives now in perfect amity. Mifs B—x—er, No. 15, Willow-Walk, Dog and Duck. Fond of the fport and kifs the must, As her whole foul is filled with lust. Much experience and a natural propenfity to the bufinefs has rendered this lady a perfect mistrefs in the fcience the profeffes; notwithitanding her greae praciice, fhe is not the leatt tired of ir, but purfues it with as much eagernefs as at first. Being rather of a gay diipohition, fhe has for fometime past taken fhelter in the agreeable groves of St. George’s( 84 ) George’s-Fields. She is not overbearing in her price, but will condefcend to any thing almost. Her behaviour is tolerable, when fhe has not been drinking, which ihe is too much addicted to. Maifs B is rather a brunette, with fparkling eyes, of a tolerable good fize, and a face rather pleafing. She understands the power of ‘fridticn admirably well. Her great propenfity to the pleafures of her profeflion makes her very condeicending. It is faid, fhe can handle a birch rod to admiration, and whip with'the utmost feverity the posteriors of thofe fluggifh grown-up lads, till they are good for /omething, feeling the fame delight in the aét, as many young {chool-mistreffes do when they are flaying with their bundle of green birch the bum of fome bold boy or wicked girl. Mifs B ’§ price 1s very moderate, but the birch must be paid extras Mils Mis Bro—-n, No. 4, Princes-/treet, Cavendifh -/quare. Say lovely youth would’st thou thus betray, My eafy faith and lead my heart astray. The fituation of this lady is truly pitiable, for as we understand, her hearc was betrayed by a young gentleman in the country, who foon forfook ‘her, which fhe repeats with a good deal of apparent grief, and does not feem at all calculated for her prefent way of life, except in point of beauty. Is ratier fhort, and has a clear fair {kin, with apleafing blue eye, her checks are very prettily dimpled, and fhe as a natural frefh colour, her hair is bright, and her teeth are good. She is now a lovely defreadle girl" but if fhe continues ‘Jong In her prefent fituation, it is a great chance but that fhe becomes as faife, inconstant and infamous as many others osthe fraternity. By this remar!: we do hot mean to anticipate any difagreeable circumstances, but mention it merely to het as a friendly caution that- may poffibly raife her pride and guard her again thofe baneful habits which are fo ostea I the (863 the diferace and fometimes the ruin of many of the fex. Mifs Char——ton No. 7, Grefs-street Heaven in her eye. ' In every motion ecstacy cnd iove This isan old obfervation, but cere tainly a true one, that foie of the finelt women in England are thofs, who go under the denomination of ladies of eafy virtue, Mifs C—— is a particular in{tance of the affertion; fhe came of reputable parents, bred delicately, and her education far fuperior to the vulgar; yetthe addreis of a defigning villain, too foon found means to ruin her; for. faker by her frrends, pu:tued by fhame and neceflity s fhe he ad no other alternative, thanto turn ——, let the reader auels what.—She was lone a favourite among the erear, bute fone mifcondutt of hers, not to be accounted for, 1¢ duced ro the fervile and detetstable staie of turring common. She Is a fine figure, tal and grntcel, has a fair round’ face, with a faint lage of that bioom ' fhe ( &7 ) ‘fhe once poffeffefi, is rather melancholy ‘illinfpired with a glafs, and then 1s very entertaning Company., She lodges on the first floor, however, with the affittance of another ledy they fpore a chariot, but fometimes the wheels get off, owing, we fuppofe, to the cath being low.. © Mis Sh——rd, Wo. 46, Goodge[rezk A woman if fhe’s young and fair, Oflcvers never need defpair. A very defirable companion, though in the knowing stile, fhe is wp to a thing or fivo, and isnot to be had by a quser cull, Sheis of a middle fize, inclined to be fat, and may be faid, if we draw a kind., view of things, or argued a posteriori, to ‘sticline to the lufcious. Her face isone of thofe where love feems to have choferr his feat for cating his darts from, efpecially from her eyes, which from a certain peculiar cast, 1s ail life, foirit, and fire; indeed, it feems J 2 rather ST 4 rather to flame than burn. Hier hand. and arm are uncomimonly neat; and her leg, thigh, and the demefues adjacent re= markably tempting. - She drinks but little, fwears lefs, and has that great attractive recommendation to every woman--an apparent modesty, which, if awoman wants the reality is certainly the best fubstirute for it. She is without doubt a most pleafing pupil of pleafure, and perfe€tly competent to the instructicn of thefe who defire to be ane: nounced.Students tn the my/fferies of Venus. She is abourrwenty, and a fingle guinea will content her. This lady’s apartments are on the first fldor; has feveral city friends, and Jawyers from Gray’s Inn and the Teme Mrs. ( &9 ) Mrs. EWi—t, No. 24; Pit frvet. If in fearch of game you rove, For to footh your melancholy Here you may give a loofe to love, With one that’s lovely, brifk, and jolly. Mrs. E—t is the only childof an eminent tradefinan in London, who broughe her up, and educated ner in the best manner, bat her being fond of drefs. even to an extreme, her father cou'd not’ fatisfy herin all her de Gres, fer which +eafon, and through che purfuations of a young officer who lodged j in the houfe, fhe wene away witlrhim, to become a fine lady, Lut aster he had got what he wanted, lie changed his quarters;. Irs. E—t was afraid to go home azatn, fo weir and ido ffe redherfel/at a Baznio, tye was acceptel] bring a fiae ¢ girl, but was foon taken from thence inw keeping by an old Letche; the did not stay long wih him, but has thisted her keepe: ry and lode nzs many times: fhe now Is at’ free lis 3erly lo trade upon her own bottom: is rail and comely, fair fkin, liegt hair, blue eyes, and lively difpotition; price high. Milfs { go ) Mis We—ls, No. 35, Newmairfirect. ) Vjrtue is the furest guide, This a young genteel girl, of the Welch breed, and of which fhe is nota littie proud, and-zhinks that the blood of Owen Tudor runs in. her vains; fhe is willing todo bufinels with any one. She is as wild as a goat, of a fandy colour, her features are finall, and isa tight little piece. Vhis lady is faid to be the daughter of a farmer in Wales, who fent her to London very young, to bé under the: care of an aunt, with whom fhe had not long refided before a young gentleman ingratiated her fo far into her oraces, as to gain her confent to make him happy by her ruin, under a’ promife of marriage~but no fooner had enjoyment damped the ardour of his love, than he abandoned her to the reproaches and calumny of a mercilefs world} 'tl C 9t ) till at length with fhame and. difappointment fhe quitted her aunt's, and entered on the town. There is one thing to be faid of her, which is, if fhe had not quitted the paths of virtue, fhe might have proved an honour and an ornament to her fex, as fhe is poffeffed of every good and amiable quality to make this true. Her customers, whenever inelined to pay her a vifit, are always fure co be received with a behaviour and politenefs becoming a perfon in a higher {tation. She is like many others, mighty good ‘humoured when pleafed. If you give her a piece of gold, before you enter the premifes, fhe goes to work with great affability and fweetnefs of temper; ” but if not, fheis cool enough, and thinks. of nothing but the money during the time of enjoyment. ( 92 } Mrs. G——ge, No. 13, South Me-ltonfereet. This lady has not been in bufinefs Jong; fhe furrendered her citadel toa captain of the navy, who in his attack upon her, united the feaman with the lover, and the ingenuity of the one won her heart as much asthe paffion of the other. Asa fpecimanof his epistolary method of correfponding with her, we fhall fubjoin a part of one of his letters toher, which runs exactly thus; he tells herthat he had osten thought to reveal to her the tempests of his heart by word of mouth, to fcale the walls of her affection, but terrified with the strength of her fortifications, hz had concluded to make more regular approaches, to attack her at farcher distance, aad try whata bombardinent ofletcers would do, whether thofe carcafes oflove thrown into the fcoaces of hereyes, would break into the midst of her breast, beat down the out- guard of her averfion aad indifference, and blow up the magazine of her cruelty, that the might be brought to terms of capitulation: which inderd ine é ( 93 )° the foon was, and upon reafonable terms.The captain was with her.but a fhore time, being obliged to repair to his sta~ tion; and ‘aster his departure, fhe was kept by onein the army, who was obliged to give way to the more powerful folicitations of one of greater force. She is just thirty, pretty and amorous, has a charming lively eye and a handfome mouth; fhe israther fhortbut very delicately made, a charming colour which feems to be natural, is finely diffufed over her cheeks,.and fets her face to great advantage, and the has fine brown hair, is ood tempered, and very free and merry. She drives avery handfome curricle, and is in keeping by a Mr. C ns, we understand the is com-ata- bic. Mus. ( 94 ) Mifs Co—way, No. 40, Slone-/quare. Hail beaxty, fuch is thine electric tcuch, Tr fills the veins, and animates the pulfe Of all who but behold thee! If we were called upon to name the Jady whom we conceive to: be handfome, it would certainly be the one we are now fpeaking of; fhe has fo many enchanting graces, that they are quit ire refistible. Fe is impoffible to with. stand theartillery.of her eyes, as the winged lightening; then her -hair, her lips, her every thing are fo tranf porting charming as to fill every beholder with rapture.. She 1s jult twenty-two, of a mok elegant form, and as we knowher to be amoroufly inclined, we do not thinkthat any young fellow need defpair, if he has ability, and uncerstands the method of bringing a thing to an end. This lady has been feveral years mn trade, and never in want of bufinefs. She was lately in kee, ing by L S =<, who was fond of her to excefs, She was early initiated in the {clence ( 95 ) {cience of love, and fhe is determined to loofe notime, while youth and vigour’ will give her leave to love, on any other fubject, the is a womanof the strictest honour and generofity, has a freea open heart, is very agreeable, and her admirers never find that either their money or tine Is thrown away.. Her education has been liberal; her converfation is eafy and unaffected; her taste for literature would not difgrace the greatest genius of the age, and if we could pafs over in filence her prefent mode of life, fhe has every qualification to render heran ornament tothe fema! world. This lady lives in very hich life, is not in keeping now, though fhe has hadmany very genteel overtures made to her on that account; variety is her delight, and fhe indulges her inclination to the urmost degree; yet ~’tis faid fhe has a favourite who is a foreigner and -partakes of her purfe as well as her favours, She is fond of p/zy, and never could meet with her match at all-feurs, for fhe degs one-atthe cnd of every deal, and {eldom fails /veceedimg in her reguest ( 96 ) quest till the has entirely beat her antagonist, who, like more lofing gamesters, generally wifhes to renew the game, when all his ca/b is /pent and he is least able. Mifs Le—, Upper Newman-street. Oh pray, mamma! Iet me down! You’)] find me the best boy in town; Y’li never while I live offend, I promife you, you’ll find me mend! This young lady is tall and genteel, and about feventeen, with fandy colour hair, and fine blue eyes that are de Jicious; her'complexion is delicate and fair, but we cannot refrain faying, fhe ‘thas a piece of the termagant about her, which, however, fhe qualifies with a whimficality of humour.that renders it fupportable. She was debauched by a young counfellor, from a boarding{chool near town, where fhe was apprentice. ( 97 J prentice. Her‘ mistrefs furprifing her one.day with the Birchen Bouquet, took her inco the whipping-room,. where, having tied her on a horfe that is there for the ufe of correction, fhe whipped her with a. large. rod, made of green birch, till the blood ran to her heels; the counfellor meeting with her a few days aster, fhe told him how. fhe had been ufed by her governefs for the book he had lent her.; he took immediately aroom for her, and vifited her till he went to Ireland.. She found herfelf for fome time much embarraffed, cill meeting with a merchant of the city, who is fond of the rod, fhe foon appeared again at the theatres, which fhe frequents very much. She dreffes always very elegantly, and. in the feafon fhe is very feldom with out a most enormous nolegay of lufcious flowers, which the generally wears very high on the lest fide of her bofom, having dilccvered that many gentlemen have a great partiality for that effeminate ornament. She is constantly vifited by the amatetrsof birch difcipline, being always furnithed with brooms of grcen birch and of the belt quality, and is always: KR very 7 f 98 ) very happy to fee any friend that feels himfelf inclinable to {pend three or four guineas in her company. Mifs Wa—s, No. 60, South Moulton treet. Is ever kiffing, toying, fhoving, And knows no end of Just but loving. of Our nymph feems cast by nature in one of the happiest moulds and happiest hoursoflove. She is tall and elegan tly made, with a fair complexion, and about nineteen years of age:. her eyes feem to beat an alarm to that of love, which her tongue, one wouid fuppofe, would invite toa parley with. Her foot and leg have the thape which the staturies give to the Medicean Venus; and the drapery of the figure exceeds even the beauty of it; for the is clways dreffed elegantly, and in a stile of the first fafhion.: Having t ( 99 ) Having faid fo much of ‘the perfections of this lady, is but just to give the remaining part of her.character, ratherin hopes ofher amendiag than to condemn her, for an object, who, in the wordsof my motto is ever loving. and is fo pecularly adapted for that bufinefs, oughe to feize upon every means ofincreafing her charms. > Her companionablenefs 1s destroyed by her being fretful and tenacious; and her opinion of herfelf extends from her perfon to her convesfation, of which the is vain though ignorant. But her principal defect is ofa love of money, which fhe feems to prefer to every thing; for though fhe is fond of the fport, and admires a maffer of arts, yet: fhe would for Jake even fuch a one, fo great is her mercenery difpofition, if fhe fhould have - the fortune to light on a pigeon. She drives a chariot, has feveral city friends, both bankers and Ifraelites. K 2 Mifs Milfs W—li—m’s, No. 9, Upper Newman-Strest, Middle efex- “Hofpital, -- Balmy fweetnéls ever flowing -- From thofe ruby lips distil, -Rofes on thy cheeks are blowing, And thy voice like mufic thrills. ° + Tn the 4 ‘menioirs of this wanton ‘female, we preferit-dur-readérs with 4 tall, pene tee) igitl, -very pretty face, Fair com: plexion, and -défirableauburn coloured ringlets, ‘which flow in ‘tempting curls acrofs -a° delicately White breast; her beautiful fet of teeth, add confiderably to her angelic appearance, which’ generally commiandsadmiration from mott of her wifstors: ‘her ‘difpofition is peculiarly-amorous and: engaging, affilted with a brillant: tell tale and love fparkling eye. What is a great recommendae tion to this lovely Cyprian nymph Js her vocal abilities, which may with truth be faidto be cy no inconfiderable power; her mufical {kill certainly is of great “poe | ( 101 ) promife, and we are firmly perfuaded, any g centleman who takes the troubie of vifiting this divine fyren will be fully fatisfied in the above affertion. She is frequently to be noticed in the green boxes of the theatres, ‘where by her nntural good temper fhe gains many genteel admirers. She is reported to be an incomparable and enchanting bedfellow, and has apeculiar art in raifing ‘them that fall, and bringing the dead tolife. I'wo pounds two fhiiings is the price of admiffion to enter her unfurnifhed parlour, which we are convinced is ata moment’s notice ready for the reception of any gentleman. Twenty years is this lady’s age. MG ( 102 j Mifs Th—p—on, No. 25, George-Row, df. George's: Fields. The Dog and Duck is her delight, And there fhe may be found every nigh, This lady carries on bufinefs both at home and abroad, and between both, has a pretty good run of trade, fhe is very well known at the D— and D—, and it is faid, fhe is remarkably fond of the {port, and a great adept in all the mystical ceremonies of the rites of Yenus. She is of fuch a lafcivious dife pofition, that fhe is reported to have a kind of favage joy in her embraces. This girl feems to be about twenty-one, of a middle fize, her eyesare black and expreffive, her hair of a light brown, and her fkin tolerable. Her demands are exceeding reafonable. Wirs. ( 703 3 _Mrs. M—rt—n, Lambeth. Oh mistsefs! dear mistrefs! the bold girl criess _ Indeed!—’pon my honour!—J’ll never telk lies! Oh mistrefs! for pity’s fweet fake let me downs And J’ll- give you my keep-fake, my dear mother’s crown. What! offer to bribe me, no, no, my {weet Mifs, Your a—e for the thought thall feel this! this! and this! Yes! yes! you bold vixen Tl flay your, thighs and rump, And wear on your bold ae this rod to a stump. T his lady is about twenty-three, tall, pretty, and fair, with a beautifu) high fhape. Wer large beautiful blue eyes are exceeding fallacious. Whipping is her delight. She was married very young to an old officer almolt fit to be her father. He had by a former wife a girl about { i¥og Jj about thirteen, and a boy of eleven, As the. was just come--frof fchool, he begeed of her, in order to fave {chooling, to take upon her the finifhing of their education, being a most accompiifhed girl, Mrs. M— on finding the girl as well as the boy excéeding rude and idle, complained to her hufband of them. He very cooly afked her if birch was {carce. She took the hint, and the very next day fhe fent her maid for a birch-broom, made an excellent rod, and wore it.with the affistance of the maid, on the posteriors of her bold childrcn. Being of a very warm conttitution.and very much neglected by her hufband, it is no wonder if. fhe foon found an amufement in that lercherous punifnment, and a fort of relief to her Just. Being encouraged to it by her hufband, fcarce a day paffed that fhe did not whip one of. them with the utmost feverity, and indeed it had fuch good an effect on them, that they made more progrefs in their learning in one year with her, than they would have done in two or three ‘years at any fchool. On her hufband dying, Mrs. M opened a {choo for boys and ~ ( “ros ) girls, and has managed it fince very much to her credit. Her daughter who is a most beautiful girl, and very much accomplhifhed, was lately married to an eminent furgeon. Mrs. M———— has a very large fchool, and confequently many opportunities to gratify her paffion for the birch, never chastifing, however, any of her pupils, but when they richly deferve it, as her delight ts to’ fmart them very much, and give them plenty of ic. On finding that birch does not tickle half fo well as when it is new and green, fhe. agreed with a, young girl who carries rods about the town, and fupplies most of the chandler’s fhops with.thefe ufeful instruments, to bring her every Monday a good ‘bundle of birch lately cut out from the trees, which fhe immediately puts into water til fhe ufes it, and by that means can tickle to fome purpofe the posteriors of thofe idle, lying, and wanton grown-up miffes, who will not attend’ to their learning. She is: now, though the keeps her fchool fill, kept by a gentleman from Jamaica, fond to excefs of birch. She has learnt by heart, to-pleafe him, the famous lecture In ( 106 )j din che dirchen bouquet, which Harriet delivers to her pretended uncle, while fhe is flogging him, and of which he is very fond, when under her Jafh. Ic is faid, he has already fettled on her fisty ‘pounds a year for life. He paffes among her pupils fer a writing-master, and osten holds the ungovernable grown-up mifs, while the mistrefs is birchining her backfide. Mifs F—ch, Newman-Street. Ut primum tetigi barbatum Virginis antrum, Surrexit, fubito, daétilus ille meus. A young Oxonian, who was the first who plucked the lufcious fruit of this charming girl, made, it is faid, thefe verfes on the occafion. She 1s aboug eighteen, exceeding fair, her fize, her thape, ker large beautiful blue eyes, {welling breasts, taper arms, {mall delicate fingers, neat leg and elegant foot, form a tout enfemble, which 1s very feldom ( 107 ) dom to be met with in che fame perfon, She is very fond of reading, and has a beautiful collection of books, the lately added to her valuable library for the amufement of fome of her customers, feveral new publications, the most curious are a Peep behind the Curtain, being atranilation from the Latin of Adurfius, the Birchen Bouquet, the Spirit of Flae gellation, or the Memoirs of a Schoolmistrefs, «Fc. all of them have beautiful prints illustrative of the different fubjects they treaton. For the amufement of our readers, we {hall lay before them a Cyprian adventure which Mifs F— had last year at eae of the theatres, which turned to be pretty profitable to her for fometime. Being very fond of plays, the generally attends the theatres. She had obferved a gentleman who between the acts yery osten viewed her through his opera glafs. He feldom failed to came there every Saturday in company with a fweet pretty girl about fixteen years old, and an elderly lady who feemed to be her mother. The young lady was very much like her, though younger and itull more beautiful; the alfo took notice that fhe always Wore ‘ < 08 ) wore amonstrous bouquet, in her bofom, and that the gentleman feemed to take a great delight in fmelling to it now and then, fhe concluded that. he was. fond of that lafcivious ornament. Having remarked minutely. how the young lady dreffed, fhe went one Saturday, as ufual,. tothe theatre, dreffed very much like her..rival, and. with a most enormous nofegay of beautiful fweet flowers from Lee’s nurfery, which fhe wore like her. very high on the lest fide of her bofom, the upper part of the bouquet reaching her ear, and fhading a Jittle of her face, the wentleman was there, st. bur feemed {fo muga wrapt up in the was, that day,. alfo uncommonly well dreffed, and wore too a mio beautiful bouquet, that the first, the fecond, the third act, nay th@® play was performed without his ever having attempted to.. ¢ o O. look up in the green boxes. Mifs F— was beginningato be very much vexed, G S her nofegay alone had cost her a guinea, however, between the play and the entertainment, the gentleman at [ast happened to look up, and feeing a lady with a remarkable large nofegay, ne too ( 169 ) took up his glafs and began to view with great attention Mifs F—, who did not pretend to take notice of it; however, he foon lest his company ard went up to her, having whifpered her fome {fweec things, he afked her to go to a bagnio jut by, and rioted in her charms for near an hour, when he returned to his mistrefs, He confeffed to her that her refemblance to the young lady he was courting, her being dretled fo much like her, particularly the beautiful nofegay fhe wore in her bofom, an orna~ ment he was exceeding fond of, had raifed his paffion to fuch a pitch that he had not been able to refist the defire he felt of anticipating with her thofe bliffes that awaited him, He prefented her with a ten pound bank note, and for fix months canstantly vifited her, till on his being married to the young lady, fhe lost his custom. Her terms are five guineas, and her vifitors carefully {eleéted. 4 IL, Mifs ( «10 3 Pd Milfs S—wyn, Chelfea. ' Hfail beauty, fuch-is thine electric: tcuch, Te fills the veins,.and animates the pulfe ‘OF all who bat behold thee! This lovely fernale is rather call, bue elegantly made with a-motst enchanting bofom, 2 fair complexion and excellent features, her mouth is fmall, but looks when clofed like a rofe when it begins to bud, fine expreflive blue eyes and beautiful teeth; dreffes most elegantly, and is juil-curned of fixrcen; fhe is the natural daughter of an officer, who died about twelve ycars ago inthe East-Indies, and is now kept by a friend of her father’s, who had her educated at a boardingfchool, and who took her from it about two years a0; this gentleman took for her a Isdging on the King’s-Road, just by a lazy nurfery, and lixe the celes ‘brated K-—-—s, 1s very fond of hair coming prezaretory to the amorous conshoe pie flict; and as 1 gone, he geneially begins his operation, 2nd comb with a tortoiefhell comb hér beauciful’ treffes, which are always son as the hair-dreffer 1s — ( <I ). always highly perfumed with the most odoriferous fcent; when he had done, Mifs retires into her bed-room to finiih her drefs, then take a walle into:the nurfery, and foon returns to the arms of her keeper with a-mot beautiful bouquet in her bofom, almost as. large asa broom, being pa Tionately fond, as well as her keeper, of the {weet perfume of flowers, particularly when the celebrates the rites of Venus; and it is questionable, as a certain author fays, whetuer the enjoyment of a woman be not more lufcious when dreffed than in puris nasuralibus; and it 1s demonstrable that one thus enjoys her in a two-fold manner, for it is an axiom in fenfuality. that the fight contributes: very much to its gratification; by. preferring her drefled, it mult not. be however understood to mean her when encumbered with all the articles that complere the court or ball drefs: of {tiff stays, fhe fhould by all means, be divested; white feems the most voluptuous drets; cher hair ele. gantly dreffed’ and highly perfumed; the head-dreis adorned with large feathers, but an indifpenfable article In the drefs of a young woman, is, a L. 2 very A «12 ) very large nofegay of natural flowers, or artificial ones well fcented, and which fhe fhould wear on the lest fide of her bofom, as high as the ear, this mode of wearing them being reckoned exceeding lafcivious, and indeed there is no appendage in the whole catalogue of female drefs which raifes lust fo powerfully as thote enormous bouquets, which our women of fafhion wear, their Juxurious perfume not only provoke defires, but aggravate very much venereal enjoyments; they lofe, however, their effe&t, if not worn, as mentioned before, very high on the lest fide of the bofom, and monstroufly large, for the Jarger they are, the greater their influence on the amateurs of that molt effeminate ornament; but to return to our charmer, a.ten pound bank-note will have its due influence if properly prefented, and confidering the inexpreffible pleafure received in the arms of this young and delicate female, we think fhe deferves it. She is frequently.to be noticed in the green boxes of the theatres, and in the feafon at Ranelagh; generally dreffead in white with a profufion of feathers, and feldom, without ( 413. ) without a most enormous bouquet in her bofom; fhe keeps a chariot, and a negro fervant always attends her. oo The Mifs B—an and S— ith, Sisters, No. 7, Waindmill-Street, Rathbone Places =: | Mifs B———— is tall and thin, her complexion is dark, her fitter Miifs S is plump and fair, keeps a certain mufician to play her now and then fome tunes; thefe ladies have. feen their thirtieth, are {till however, agreeable pieces for the winter feafon to thofe not over nice about delicacy, both illiterate and addicted to {wearing; it 1s faid they are very dexierous at the game of the birch rod; the price of thele letcherous girls varies very much, but half a guinea is always acceptable to them, 3 Mifs ( 114 ) Mifs Cr—md—n, No. 14, St. Alban’ s Street, Piccadilly, With thee I’d break th:ough laws divine and human, And think them cobwebs fpread for little man, Which all the bulky herd of nature breaks, The vig’rous young world was ignorant Of all restrictions. *Tis deceit now, Not more devout, but more decay’d and old, Restrains of reafon, ties of blood, marriage vows,and prudential maxims, are all weak barriers when Mifs C-—— appears, opens her arms, and excites to pleafure. Her teeth invite the burning kifs, her stature tall but quite genteel. Her complexion pleafes the eye, and her fost plump body rebounds from the clofe embrace, and demands repeated preffures. Her yielding limbs, though beautiful when together, are still more ~savifhed when feparated; and, when properly placed between them, we may ery out with the poet Addifon, I’m lost in exstacy, How fhall I fpeak the tranfports of my foul? I’m fo blefs’d, I fear *tis all a dream. Other ( ars ) Other beauties, indeed, may give. equal joys, but few like Mifs C can continue them; others may forge chains, and put them on their lovers, but few, like her, can rivetthem. Her ereat prudence, uncommon with the fisterhood, keeps her adrnirers attached to her, and none can quit her but with reoret. From strangers (who must be gentlemen) fhe expects a genteel compliment; but, when once acquainted, fhe abates in her demands, in proportion as fhe increafes in her attachment She has light brown hair, fine eyes, fings and dances to perfe€tion, and is not more than fixteen years of age; has not been in trade more than a twelvemonth, in which fhort time fhe has had the good fortune to procure for herfelf a very good keeper in the perfon of Major C———, whofe name fhe affumes. =— U Mifg ( 116 } Madam D—v—], Great Suffolk strect, Hay market. Pil find you wax to tkirmifh every night, And practice evcry turn of amorous fight: In fuch {weet combats hand to han ', 9Gainst which no man that is wife wi!I Rand D My champion 111 encounter breast to breat, ’ Tho’ I were fure to fall and be o’er-prest. The man may well think himfelfhappier than Paris in the zenithof his voluptuous pleafure, who can encircle in his arms, and be in full poffeffion of the charming perfon of this beautiful Helen; for, which theadvantageoffuperior height to mot of her fex, being very tall, and. cracefully made; fhe has a fkin which would not fuffer the leaf diminution, if put in comparifon with that celebrated dame of antiquity, whofe name we have jut given her. The fimilitude will hold good in many other refpects; for, like her, fhe is of a most amorous constitution; like her, thoroughly devoted to the Cyprian deity. Warm as the heart by Cupid newly flung, Sweet on the flower where bees by Hybla hung. Like ( 17 ) Like her, fhe has an irrefistible eye, capable of firing the most torpid imagination with as fierce defire, as a torch dipped in the ever-burning flame upon the altar of Venus can kindle; and when once roufed, can raife it to that unbearable pitch, that it must be quenched in the b/i/sful font hid within the centre of her bewitching grove; like her too, the pouting lips, rich with more than fancy can exprefs, invite the amorous kifs, and the panting, {welling breasts, full of the involuntary fichs of excefs ‘of pleafure, folicit the endearing clafp of manly pleafure, whilst the titillation of nature in. her favourite /pot below, feelingly calls for the Priapian weapon to receive it in her foeath at its most powerful thrust up to the hilt; and like her, the is perfect mistrefs of the /port, and can manage any weight, An adept herfelf, there is no one fitter to initiate the young officiating priest in the deepest mysteries of his of= jice. She has fine brown. hair, dark cyes and eye-brows, fine teeth, fings, dances, understands mulic, and is about twenty. She dreffes most elegantly, and has always au coté un gros bouquet de luxure. | She € 118) She is not to be poffeffed but by thofe whofe perfons and behaviour are agreeable to her, and then only on terms: of the strictest honour and fecrecy, having the happinefs of being at prefent in good Keeping by Count D———; and. as money is not the cbje& in view, fhe, with great good nature, 1s fatisfied with the trilling fum of two. pounds two. © Milfs Harriet Cr—v—n, No. 35, Ruf= Sel-fireet, Bloomfbury, ‘Well pleas’d at the fiolics fhe laugh’d at the pain,. And wifh’d with more ardour to try it agains Which when handl’d and dandl’d, and made fit for ufe,. She pufh’d with lefs pain as the parts were more loofe: Then upping and downing, kind nature told how, ' She cry’d o’er-raptur’d, it does not hurt now. This young lady was the darling of her parents, who brought her up in the ucmost C 9) utmofl pride imaginable, although they knew they had nota penny to give her, as befides her they had feveral other children. At about fifceen fhe eloped with the niece of a perfon in the neighbourhood;andtook lodgingsnear Dean-streer, Soho, where they were both traced by their relations, who took them home again, and gave them feveral found whippings with the-birch rod, and confined them for fome time in their rooms; but no fooner had they got their liberty, but they eloped again, and foon became profeffed courtezans, “The compznion of Mifs Harriet foon caught the tmallpox, and died, but fhe purfued her way in the path of Venus, being for a while as gay a lady as any about the town, but is now reduced to traffic in a more retired manner: She is very tali, has dark hair, and fine black eyes, fines well, and accompanies her foogs with the piano-forte, fhe is alfo an excellent dancer, Lord C-——-«n is her particular friend; neverthelefs, fhe w'll not refule a couple, ad of guineas, if offered to her. ( 120 ) Mifs Emelia Thr—d—w—y, No. 46, Welbeck-Street, Cavendifb-Square, Embrace meclofe, join thy lips to mine, There’s no fecurisy in other joys: Here happinefs is rivetted alone, Here nothing fades, nothing decays, the fweet Immortal are, and never ceafe to {pring. She is a pretty young girl, middle fize, of an agreeable perfon, and cheer- ful temper, about twenty, with dark eyes and hair. She feldom goes out marauding, but expects private vifitors at home, where their reception is both genteel and enticing. She was for fometime the darling of a certain captain, who might ke a very good pay master in the coin of love, though an abfolute infolvent in any other rnoney. Indeed, in refpe G& to her, he might have let her havea fufficiency for maintenance, however he might get it; for many have beca known who would be liberal encugh to their mistreffes, though the 2 e brewer and baker went unpaid, and their ( 12r ) their wives unclad; fulfilling the lines of tre poet, For whilst abroad, fo prodigal the dolt is, Poor fpoufe, at home, as ragged as a colt is, Ade Though, indeed, we. may acquit the Captain of that prodigality, as he wasnever known to be liberal of any thing but—promifes. Her prefent friend is a Mr. T 5 to whom fhe is. under great obligations; and, indeed, would be much more fo, were it equally in his power, as it is in his inclination. Two guineas are her ufual fee. M Mifs Mifs Boldt, No. 48, King. Street, St. Fames So Beware the magic of her eyes, For there the artful Cupid lies. This young lady has not been above two years a convert to her prestnt profeffion,.and 1s faid to have received her first instructions from a near relation, who 1s fince gone abroad. She is about twenty, has fine dark hair, eyes, and eye-brows, fine teeth, fair fkin, pretty face, and blooming cheeks. She is very fond of finging, and has a good voice; “is very earnest in her purfuit aster the {port, and dreffes verv gay. One thing is greatly againit her, and may poffibly reduce her fooner than fhe may imagine, that is, fhe is too fond of a giafs of (trong water. Her expectations. “are very moderate, one guinea will give her ample _. fatisfaction. Madam Madam L—m—th—r, No. 26, Poland Street, Oxford-Road. Shall woman form’d to mould the heart at will, y Degrade herfel f below the bestial herd, Or fo with words distort her outward form That ev’ry glance, fudden 4s nitrous blaze, Shall hatred famp, and kill the name of women? Weare forry to fay that the ill-nature of this lady in a degree juitifies the above motto being affixed to her character. Neverthelefs, if fuch a pair of femiglobes, that paint maturity in its fullest bloffoms; if fuch a fkin as would make the night-born fnow bluth; if fuch a bloom as would bid the damafk rofe look pale, united with the activity and forightlinefs of nineteen can afford pleafure; if well formed limbs; if a pore fo nobly armed as would bid defiance to any attack, and: though its antegonist flands fiiff and true to its point, is fure to make him with mutual fatisfaction fhrink from it, if all thefe charms combined € tag j} bined-can ferve for temporary enjoyments, here you are fure to meet it; but huth! no more; lec every charm filently awake the dormant fenfe, and pray, my weet loquacious girl, be mute; my fair Amazonian beauty, be still; nor let thefe martial arms fo osten unrivet that affe Qion your perfonal charms are fure to gain. Whilf her temper remains undisturbed by the too volatile effects of the grape, fhe might wich fome degree of propriety be stiled a gocd- natured cirl, A fingle fire through the bufhes one guinea will purchafe, but a tweive hours under cover encounter will amount to dowodle that fum. She is a native of France, her stacure elegant, fine Gark hair, with eyes of the fame hue, beautiful teeth, and delicate complexion. -Her particular friend for che prefent is” Gount Lw==r, FIUNIS.