nate od QW TY NN o T YY Qe NS UO As a Treas 80 she fair Votary of Love, ancl @ Spur to be wanton Yousns, shab revel i0 sheir fost Embraces, we bave token she Liberty of infersing the followsng Introduction, ubich tbo’ s& bas once before made sts sppeerance, mug, from ss Date, be almofs forgoticn s its gesine Nlerit ue fabler ormfetoes, will ferve Gs an Sipology for its Infertion, aad the jase Remarks which sb contains, will gain hee Appr ovation of all the Cyprian Choir. 4 INTRODUCTION N the fuccefion of natural things, ll their progrefs, and their decay, ime dividuals feem, like atoms in the fume beams, of little moment, in the greae {ceale of Providence. The prefervation of the {pecies in general appears to in= grofs the whole feope and atrention of mature: fhe is eternally bufy in funnlye trace her through all the.various motions in her wide extent, fhe will be every where found to tend toone great a&t of love. To attempt a fupprefion of chis almighty impulfe in che human {pecies would be a talk as rath and idle as to bid the hills couch Heaven. All ccerfive bars, all artificial fences thrown up by the hand of power, against shis prolific ardor, this effential at, have hitherto been in all communities, and will for ever be overleaped and trampled down, The mighty call will be obeyed: and men and women always rebel against fuch weak restrictions: that generous freazy which invigorates the foul is tae vincible, and must command. Why ghea fuch mceflant clamours again. che yotartes Of love? Why are the infults of the venal justice, or of che rough-hewn miuzey monarch of the night, permitted? Their aiumber is rather iocreafed chan leflened by perfecution, which in this ag im cafes of a higher nature, rather come an) n\n | | OX NEAVEN, ~~ ANCEAE a NG MAVICIPIY 5 — all nature echoes to the univerfal mans date. | If i¢ be a true pofition, that ° what‘s ever is is right,” why thall che victims of this natural propenfiry, the vom lunteers of Venus, the fairest of creation, be hunted like ourcasts from fociety, be perpetually griped by the hand of pecty tyranny? Deo they not facrifice shew bealksb, cheir lives, nay-cheir reputations, at the altars of love end benevolence?!Lee the feverest virtue refle Gt with mre a lite ake s amd that they are of yall ule to. the community wall be farely alecred. “Whee villaimses do they net prevent ¢ Whee plezs; what combinations, do they. mot diffolve >? Clafped im the arms of locauty, the factious galeontent fongeta. the black workings of his foul. Here even the miler feels fome, throbbing of. human delights; fealing himfelf, halt unwilling from his nature, he for a fhort fraee frmiimolee frane fraall henevnlence_ HALIC Call CUCCCOH COC OPCW B sd MACl O least 2 Ya the fair one’s embrace the prodigal efeapes from the fang of the gamester; mor is he laid open to the wiles of the fharper. With her the youth is taughe the leflon of the mind practifed in genuine taste, and Jearns the mative ule of things. JHere the drunkard drops a while bis fwinif appetite, and gazes like a man upon beauty. The lawyer in the cafe of love forvers his quirks and equivocation, and is for that fhore {pace bonest and upright. Covent-Garden, that aggregate of fweets! thae Lethe of the foul! Behold the merchane stealing from bufinefs and the city, under the mafk of night, to the‘aparement of his Thais, where, forgetful of casking cares, no more remembering the rough fea, the bold wind, nor the dangers of the longexpected fhip, his heart expands with. tcranfpore; the litt of bankrupts remains unread; and her sovely bofom yields him the biohett of fublunarv blifs. Nor OB oe and fometimes perhaps interlines a pfalm with a vific. _ Bue thefe are private instances of the advantages reflected upon a community by the “fair followers of the Cyprian queen: thefe advantages are trivial when compared to the public good they occas fion, though custom has embronzed them, with the infamous appellation cf prostitutes. Do we not owe to them the peace of families, of cities, nay of kingdoms? This is a point of light cin which they are feldom confidered: It is here that rigor bends its brow, and feverity relaxes. its edge. Were they removed, which fate forbid! by hypocritic power, think how terrible might the confequences be.. ‘The restlefs propagating {piric, the {timulating energy implanted. in us, will work its way; deprive it of food, will bars, bolts, or authority, protect the honour of the wife, the chaltity of the daughter, o¢ the pious matron’s virtue? This wild frenzy, breaking all restraint, will bear Say then, ye who have fathers, mothers, fitters, brothers, friends, whem ye love, whom ye efkem, wil ye nog. ‘&Rretch your hand hereaster co prote&, will ye mot ceafe to perfecute, the fitters hood, whom, reafon eells ye, ye ough? to defend? Gratitude will inform you tha ye ought. Why named I gratrude? Alas! lhad forgoren that it is am une practifed worn-oue virtue 3 or brucal sig vour, difguifed like, and mifcalled, juffice, would be taken off from perfecuc ting thefe benevolent friesds to the pubs Mick good, thefe prefervers of genera) tranquillity, who lay afide all that hypoerify admires, all thac fafhion with her varnifhed glafs reflects as amiable upon the eye of folly, who facrifice esteem, vank, and fomerimes even life, like che martyrs of old, in their- country’s facred caufe; yet even notwichstanding do they fuffer Rripes, imprifonments, and (wha custom has entailed upon them) come tempt: unjust proceeding {—= AMR 9. G4.... f F AY =.9,. Hh. PD 2... 2. 2 LT. fome few who feal Poe the common good, who fee wikh pity’s eye thofe cecllk imdiis viduals languifl uader eyrant laws, most infringed by the makers of thena. Such patriot fouls, to the honour of his age, even now exist, whe wih manly thearta have -confidered this deployable cafe, agd Opened a retreat for hunted os detertec} beauty. -How good, how gracious, how venerable is fach an iembly of keepers, who never shut the gates againf{t haraffed worth, but deal out comfort to the Opprefied with the hand of libevadizy! Why fhould the name of a keeper be treated with ridicule! Is nog their keepo ing a proof of cheir beneficence, which is thereby extended: to every rank and: Ration? The lovely aymphs, chat thare in their bounty, have hearts as large, as univerfal as their defires: and the whole. race Of mankind are the objects of their warm regard. Like true citizens of life, rhau frarcee hle Minoe. wirh wunrestrained the famed magazine in the Inlayemarket cheers up at their name. The toyman, the mercer, the millener, the play, and opera, nay even the parifh church (fometimes) is yladdened with the chink of their gold; for, whatever exceptions the parfon may pretend to make to their calling, he has none to their purfes; and for rates, taxes, and repairs, he calls upon then as well as upon the rest of the: flock. Wow many a youth, vigorous and comely, does not the kept mistrefs pre-’ ferve from jail, nay the gibber, by fhaeing with him the allowance of her keeper! The brawny life-guard-man, the well-made grenadier, whofe pay being. too narrow, for his foul would otherwife force him to raife contributions’ on the public, is by her protected, and his fi-. nances enlarged.. The generous keeper cannot grudge the allowance; nay, the good that his mald wraniicee§ thie commiiniecaren will a ture, ADA IS Yet Jeido Mm prokincs mor will he begrudge his hire to the labourer, who mighe otherwife fall a vidtim to offended justice. For the deliverance will he res joice; in thinking that he has faved a citizen, he will, like an old woman, cone vraculate hisolelf. 7 Perfist, oh ye hoary feers! perfst in the caufe of keeping 3 in that you thew yourfelves friends to charity, virtue, and the Mates comsinue to cherifla thefe gists of heaven;, {till hug co your bofom the cordial, the reviving warmth communicated. by youth and beauty: co the dear girl whom you fall feleé&t, be your purfe- firings mever clofed; nor let she pame of prosticure decer you from. this: pious gefolve. JListen notto unmannerly prudence, let her not argue you from the good purpofe, for fhe will fometimes jostle forwasds when pafhion. fubfides. What is there in the idea of prostitution, eo which the gréatest characters are not fomecimes fubfervient? Ic ts not only in the maurlvene af Caovente Caarden chart nro USES SOUS CES UOGI BAOUSESES WE BWV YD EN fol EGE Q psostirute, as him who,. beneath a {care Jee robe, and.cthe digaity of lordfaips, conceals.a mind fraught wich corruption? Is not the minifler of Race who facritices. his cquatsy’s honour to his privace ime terest; che admiral whom vemality tecches to avoid che reflects of an enemy; or the general, whon gold allures from - the path of conquest, moze guilty than her? Uhefe are the real prosticeres that-des Sle ktraams.cf public vistue, end wict 3 aation’s glory. On thete fhould ju tice oiea the angry bole, and vengeance burl ber fiery dart: nor lee the blacz gore cape hia, who ia the pulpic.afy 260s the caude of religion, which he. &s fcends to. make a joke of s who bokb Sorth. im public in defence of every virtue, ead in private is the common encowrager ef vice, Thefe are clafles that should _bow under che rod of A strea. But to you, ye nymphs, whom elastic {pirits prompt to propagate the joys of fofe endearments, to foorh the foul with [ xi J may the statefman, the foldier, the parfon, the lawyer, and the merchant thare Ihis. treafure, But never may. that caitiff, called a furgeon, be found within your walls; guard againgt his approach as you value life, and its fuppore; avoid wich care the contaminated embrace. IRemember fill your keeper; footh his lambent fame, preferye the tepid with alive. With wife expedients roufe up faine defire, and make him young again. Confider, if you fhould neglect your keeper, your broad-backed gallane will lack his well. deferved fupply. IXcepers are the finews of your trade; may they multiply in nucber and im wealdn; may they be always ready aad willing to keep the call a3 honest narure bids: fo Mhall the public be javigorated; the caufe of virtue be promoted; aad the hateful name of Gae nyosede blesed from the book of mee DROS Yo | HARRIS’s LIST COVENT-GARDEN LADIES. a Mifs Leona N—rt—=n, otbereife C—tt—=no A genial wermth pervades her glowing breatts g And whilst the gazeo with thoke dancing eyesy The licele loves and graces all atcend her. Wich anxious ardour will the prefo the kifs, sind thro’ the Mh ps the pointed jpcaker dart, ‘Yn thrilliag eraafpores fend the glowing fira, ‘Aad mele in fost defires her fowl aways ANS alluring gir] is now in keep| ing by a Mr.C—tt—n, whofe name the is now generally known by. “She is Jem 2° QT + & Cassy vs Aus 444GW WAY ILUYUELCY wy bsb yit fent keeper in a famous hotel, in the purhicus of Covene Garden, and chat was the firkt pors She anchored her vetlel of delight in. At that time nature did noe feem to have stamped the Jeast sthadow. of womanhood; from the fnowy neck to the Cyprian fcnt, was a fmooth level furface, excepting the little Mlaccid nipples, which, for wanc of the fanguinary current ‘beiow, (which had not yet appeared) hung loofe unnoticed, and almost unfeen; the naked centrical fpot recoiled at the couch of the wicked imvader, either from a confcioufnefs of the want of armour, or fearful of pain, which was not accomipanied with any other fenfation; indeed ac thac time the narrownels of the paffage would fcarcely admit a gentlessan of the fall? parts to enter; but having a pretty face, the was not desticute of admirers, and in general, found fome mode or other of allaying their paffion. In the courfe of thirteen months, Leonora began to feel all che wanton thoughts of marco Inve and wine could infnire her CSG bo GOSW JAEEK BOOS seve VV GSO GBIW SSE SOF BSUS then infenfible fpof, with its true feelings; the fympatheric nipples, ever obedient co their mistrefs below, blufhed ac the command, and gradually were advanced go the centre of two betwitching hillocks, Streaked with heaven'y azure. Pride warmed her heart, defire fparkled in her eye, and: love panted on her breast; with.eager orafp fhe’d feize the Jong hated acquainéanece, and urge him. home with the érue feelings ofa woman of pleafure, drain his contents with eager fondnefs, and f{peedily bring to Life the Sellen vi Bim. We thould not imagine her now to be more than feventeen, of fair complexion, fine eyes, good teeth, and remarkably well.made. As ber olace of refidence is not at prefent aclnowledged, we must refer fuch of our readers as have an inclination towards: this young lady, to enquire for her a¢ fome of the genteel houfes of intrigue; Yeiae CTY THAR hvaae Crank O fh, 2 sa Tar oereeu anre@I| QSOS 48I00 UO OGO My mother ost wih anxious care, Wich how, and where, and when; \Would tell me of many a wily fnare,. That the had “{cap’d froma men. Then bid me fhun their wicked arts, From their entreaties fy; Leak they fhould hurt thofe éender party, Bur, no, iadeed, not & This lady, for certain prudential rea= fons, conceals the place of her birth ¢ but, from her manner, and a certain ine mate pride, chat is thoroughly rooted ia. ler breast, we believe her to have ree ceived a good education, and to have Sprung from parents above the middle clafs. l Hlad fhe lefs pride, fhe would gain more admirers 3 for, altho” beauty, at frst Gght, is apt to captivate the heart, when it 3 received from the ugly hand of pride, it finks immediately; and:thofle charms, which before enflaved the heart, gives but a miere- negative pleafure to. chm faxwke Cha ite mre nb the ~laatenm <> tempting breastts, which are not a bad index. to the state of nature’s fayourice {pot; when love, and fierce defire inflame’ the cenwse, they beat the alarm in a molt. emicing manner, and fpeak, in every heave, all the emotions the heart feels:. x this period, we would advife che hero: to lofe no time, bur immediately plunge che carnal fword into its favorite fcabbard" and you. will foon be convinced the has. mot lost the art of pleahing. Milfs T—wnl—nd, No. 15, Stevense Strees, Rashbone Place. Beauty like mine would warm a hermie’s heart, Remove his calmnofe,. aad distusb his ref Expel religion from his facred grove, And all bis-pafions fosten into love: The ufe of ‘the needle first fired this Jady’s imepination: with the ufe of acer tain pie. She pafled two years before here nmiishir prreanre angem lhioée ar a mile vv Vwo vor —— o O NS Ww Veo a E ver wed ww Ge 7, ae AG “yy Mea SVU Me fell an eafy fnare to the fr male trap, thac fe in her way. Her good forsune foon threw-her into che arms of an indulgent keeper, with whom fhe Jived for fome time, bork before anc fince they have arrived in this country, the caufe of her leaving him we are noc acquainied with; fuffice it to fay, we are certain fre refufes no vificors, thac wall. afford a couple of guineas and a bortle:. She is tall, and. gencee] made, now bor-dering on nineteen, dark complexion, dark hair, black eyes, and very amiable temper and difpoficion. She is a good: dancer, and can fing a chearful fong. eo Milfs T—m—s, No. 28, Frith Street, So Be. Days of cafe and nights of pleafure,. Is a motto this lewd girl never meang ta depart from; nor does fhe wifh to be et fely conneéted with any lover chat does. mor nniefe an enial fhace af lewdnela Ring which time the drained him of all his amorous warmth, and being difabled. in. refpedt co duty, fhe no longer thoughe him -worth ber bed. - Her temper is -haughty and imperious, her complexion. of darker tine, being of the mule breed, and fhe stands upon che tempting preci~ pice of-eighteen; thofe chat love a true copper borcomed frigate, and can {pare: afew guineas, will think himfelf happy on board. If report fays true chis fwars thy female, was the companion of a cere gain princely commander, during his. voyage home from -Amesica She drefles very genteel, and is accomplifhed. in mufick, &c..: Mrs. B——r, af 6 Boarding Schoot, Norton Street, Meary-le-boneg. ~ Fray, Madam, reform before its long,. Or elfe you'll fing a very difmal fong.. Whee RP is dee patirear @ p Pnoewelda cham a. was certainly in keeping by a Major B, untill her jaunt to Brighton last fummer,. where fhe contra@ed fuch: a heat asco break chac conneétion. Ia. the courfe of along trade, notwithstanding fhe feldoms accepts of lels tham ewo O guineas, fhe has not realized any fum to fecure her from want, though fe is now pafgled the bloom of youth, and. may, in efhore time, become fo fat as to preclude her from. the line of gencilicy ag to figure, and-then, probably, the mutt fink. into alady Abbefs. It is true, fhe has had fome good-cultomers-in che courfe of her free trade 5. but the is verys apt co quarrel with them it they do nos entirely coincide with her in opinion, and‘ to this perverfe temper may be afcribed the defertion of her admirers aster their first vific. She is generally to be met with in the fide boxes, or ag Searl’s.dance, 8xc.. Orpheus himfelf enjoys thec every night g Oh may his fddlefick Mill play its pare, And his {weet rofin nightly charm thy heart. Our fweet bewircching W—n is poffefled of a most elegant figure, to a beautiful face, and has a fkin fo fair, that were it poffible co paint its equal, would require the utmoit fkerch of the most fertile fancy; For who cam paint like satare, Where find exprefiion in the pencil’s touch To colouring like hes’a, () Twenty fummers has been employed in bringing to maturity this emblem of love; during ber early carees in life, fhe contracted an intimacy with a fea officer, who made her his chara fpoufa pro kempore, in which state fhe lived happy Gill his official duty compelled hin to go abroad, and leave his dear a prey to the precarious buffetings of fortune, who, foon aster, threw her in the common road, S63 w CA3N08 SAEGUEY gad S59 Sac ane Set” BABV WG fecured to herfelf many. valuable friends; bute ber infatuation tor a certain fiddler, would fuffer no obstacle to oppofe it; © Liove is not reafon’d down,” and fooner than forfeit the pleafure of his company, fhe refufed wifits from all her best friends 3 his affection, however, foon aster growing cold, and the raging vio Jence of her love being -a little abated, he readily confented to her following the old track (which flhe now does) and is never better pleafed than by finding her a guinea richer than when he lest her. Her fein is beautifully contrasted by a pair of éxpreffive dark eyes, and hair of a gloffy brown; we wifh we could pafs any encomiums on her temper, which is: aot and infolent; fhe is naturally fond of a glafs of wine, which must be administered in fuch a proportion only as. to keep her merry, if it operates beyond, that, fhe is rather a difagreeable bedu fellow. } — 7 een l S —_— g? oe NE NIE NE QS ner J Lambeth., The charms of nature, when defac’d by arg, O°er beauty's blooma gloomy tiakture fpreads, And, like a canker-worm, its form defrov.. Withing to preferve the flower of youth untarnifhed, this lady does not neglect one poffible means to fet her per‘fon off in its most juvenile Rate: We are fufficiently acquainted with her to know fhe is at least four and twenty, whilst her drefs and manners {carcely reach teens; ‘ber hair, which is a beautiful gloty brown, and of which the poffeffes a large quantity, hangs in the most tempting ringlets, And {porting lofely in the wanton air, Dance the lewd graces in their letch’rous folds, and lovingly embrace a neck delicate and inviting: Travelling from thence in ferpentine folds, it afcends fair Venu;’s SBESEOWS WH 1 Sbo Ww a N 466 fw ~ eos Swwel V wd ane =), J which is frequently fuffered to hide a pair of exquifitely moulded dark eyes 3 and during fome of her pastons (which are brought on by a natural hasty temper) destroy their forbidding fire. She was, ‘fome time ago, under the prote Cion of a gentleman, whole name fhe has, fince thac time taken, bue who lefe her on difcovering fhe kept a favourite man. At prefent her best friend is a Mr. S ds, of Millbank: bue notwitrhstanding his great liberality, the is till to be had on an application that appears to carry with it, prudence and genercfityo 3 VYWo ae) ‘ee WON FOOD WY &EGUYO Virtue you ate, inconstaacy you practice, And, when your leofe defires once get dominion, No hungry churl feeds coarfer at a feat, Bvery rank fool goes down. This preety piece of deception, ehis female sazus, would puzzle the head of an: argus to fee through at first fight. When frst the is introduced to your company, ghere feems futh a store of modesty ag would do credic to a faint; neither does ig act as a thin veil to the face; mo vulgar hand is permitted to prefs her femi ovals of delight, a0 indecent lip is fuffered co touch her balmy pair, nor is the rude eye fcarcely allowed to teak filencly upon her (i might fay) matchlefs beauty; her converfation at Sirk borders fo much on Mr. W—st—y’s. dectrine. that you would.be led to imac gine her one of the chastett of his difciples, and perhaps would remain fo, had Mot our good friend Bacchus taught us the wile at che wine. rehar mawertul wane WEIS ANGVEOU BCAUMILOS LICH TD) ABU svat VGC has i¢.paffed its fixth circuit, but a vilible. alteration in nature's works begins to appear; another half dozen throws off the mafk, and Sally appears her true felf. The eyes which before were Glent, fpeak language unurterable, and feem to tell her Javer that nature begins to be very bufy with fome other part. Her hands which were betore employed as guards cto that enticing fpor, are now bufy in making a member fit co fand in the Houle of Commons. Her {welling breasts, now wilfully expofed to fight, with amorous preffure are inclined to your's; nor is the free egrefs of hands to any part denied. Her fmothering lips employ their fullest force, and with unremitting ardour prefs their magic power, which foon brings her co the heighe of giddy rapture, amd produces a.flame that must thac instane be quenched. Tables, chairs, carpets, standing, fetting, any how, fo the end is immediately accomplifhed, which on her fide is pere - Linen art anra G in 91070 maralialen Aewrariry eo MSY a _— fg F OO ne chace in general a dead beat. She is about nineteen, and has a fetof {weeely regular features, a beautiful {kin and complexion, and, though fond of the grape, does not chofe to drink more than procures the wifhed for effedt; poffeffes atemper and difpofition, (from ~ what we have heard and {een of her; that does honour to the fex. Exclufive of the ufual compliment co the houfe, this Berkthire lafs values her favours ac cwo guineas, and what is that for only 2 years ling in the fervice | Sea EES Mrs. R—ff—I,; No.- 4, Bolton Street. £ 00 Bear me but to her, then foil me if you can.” There are none of the fons of pleafure ‘ean out do the mechanical line for caste in the amorous banquet. This lady engrofles the avrention of one folely, buc ea | cs es | stacure which thews in medio confifir vire gus, united wich a difpofition, which, guarded by her good fenfe, keeps her 'mind in perfet ferenicy, will nog allow ‘her to trade centrally under Hive guineas. -She is in general to be met with ara public hop,in King Street, and frequents ‘Mrs T——n’s, where her elegance in _ dsefs and mannefs is fo very peculiar, as to place her beyond—far beyond the ‘majority of the cyprian train. This lady -is about two and cwenty, and is well ace complithed both in mufick. and. in different languages. oe od s Mrs. Bue, No. 16, Union Street, | MMiddlefes Hofpitet., __,Matchlefs Jerse in the Geld of love, - Where ost thy fono their amorous vigour prove, Nor lefs thy daughters---and bebold onc here, Comes boldly on---a cyprian volunteer. and liberality of fentiment,ia opening her port, and exercifing a free trade with all who choofes co bring their conamoditics t O her markes; when the, wichowr referve, unlocks her grand vefervair of natural productions, and pours out all-her stores in exchange. She understands o/s and fain exceedingly well, and the more her smporss are, and the nearer they anfwer her esperss, the greater her fatisfation, though fhe does not confine her hopes of accumulating wealth merely co this kind of commerce, but frequents che gaming tables, another proof of her defpifing che authority of Englifh magistrates, as well as of being fond of play in every refpect. As a volunteer im the field of Venus, the performs her manual evolutions in the compleatest manner; and will be wader arms a whole night withouc quitting the ground. She is in fhore a very pretty licele woman, in all che bloom of amourous one and twenty; fhe has lived fome time with a vinegar merchant of the name fhe bears, from whom fhe has been es ee Mifs Maria C—ck—te, No. 37, Union Street, Middlefes Hofpisal. 'Tis mighniest of the mightiest, and fits upon The thron’d monarch eafier than his crown. Tall and genteel, of a mild temper, and not more than twenty one; fine regularly fer of whice teeth, light blue eyes, carrots above and below, tempting //ps below and above, and whilst you prefent your lips to one pair, fhe withes your nofe to meet the other. | This dainfel is peculiarly fkilful in extracting allics fweets 3 for juitas mature ‘is bringing all her thrilling foul to one part, just as che liquid minute is pouring. down, her wanton letcherous haad with eager but gentle compreffure, fqueezes the circular balls in meture’s treafure bag, and feems to increafe the non defcribable pleafure ‘© One night’s enjoyment granted, unfolding irrefistible new enchanting ardniure 2 Ge worth whaee ' Mife Sm—h, No. 55, Rathbone Place. For all the moments Il have fpent with chee, Wl have fo many thoufand burning loves; So fwill thy lips, fo fill me wich chy fweetnefs, Thou fhall not fleep, nor clofe thy wandering eyes: The fmiling hours thall all be loved away, We'll furfeigall the night, and laaguifh all che day. An apt motto for our beauriful Beeky, whom nature feems to have form’d folely for love and pleafure; above the middle stature, bue fo well proportioned, fhe might be stiled fymmetry’s truest felf; her beautiful complexion and fine fkin 5 her engaging temper and lively curn of mind, has made her a remgning toasts her languifhing blue eyés and lighe brown hair, when untortured by arc, in QP ry etg “My 9 o O er fi wet Oe NT Oe Oe See Net Sad et eee ee er Ne ee OS eee ~ Gy azure, and Rudded in the center by a pair of never fading rofe buds, is luxury enchanting. She is about one and twency, and may be always had for twice fo many fhillings;- that is, when her particular friend cho coach-malkes’s fon is out of the way. aren De a Reraemne Mifs: Ow—n,.No. 13, Bokow Street. Tal Peggy forfooth, if an amorous youth: Shou’'d chance for to vifit her place, Full of vigorous fire, and flufh’d with defire, le wow’d riot =~ within her embrace. This tall fair one is about two and twenty, of an elegance figure, very fhowey ‘and agreeable, with a fine pair of dark blue eyes, Beneath, whofe powerful rays young Cupids play, And bate amd the blaze of onen day. 4 Won o@5vy 7 NWO. VV GOSS OY Bee UB ow le ia A Wty OC able quaority both above and’ below; fhe has good teeth, of.a good: matured difpofition, very chatty, aod fings well. From two guineas upwards you may iofure che -posteffion, of -her: exechfive charms, as long. as pleafure can live in the reiterated embraces But it mult be when Lord Rob-=t' F. is aor- expected, as he is her particular. friend aad: chief fupporter. Mrs. Br—s, at No, 12, Goaelee Supecte Upon che bedvthe love a8 the<rere flain, -. Vilt-hie dreath breathed life im her again. A callegiaa of the Univerisy of Came. bridge, engrafiles this:lady’s arcention alk -the-gight, that is oug of. term cime 3 » that whosver wiles to:anjay ber compasy mu pay his vie carly in the eveniag, » which is che time.her: friend vilics ‘the coffee houfe. She. is upon the wbele a defireable piece, and confidering her bu Ganale se wenaeaniiw cranfatonl an a emiehk tq meses 9 er (one § SS SHSM WOW) Saye SEs hair dretfer (one B——ke) to occupy fo much of her attention. | Mifs Rote f F, at No. 55, Berwick SV CEbo But now I liv’d, and life was death s annoy, But now I died, and death was lovely joy;. Oh, chou did& kill me! kill me once again,’ Tio painful plenfure, Oh! tis pleafiag pain. So clofely watch’d by her keeper (whofe gratuity amounts'to only three guineas per week) is this fine lafs, that fhe has very few evenings, in her own _ pofiefion.:She is tall and gracefully _ made, light brown hair, good seeth, dark eyes, and not more than twenty years of age; as fhe has noc been in life above nine months, her favours mu be reckoned very moderate, when & ingle guinea will purchafe chem. She trembles at his tale, And on his neck her yoking arms fhe throws, ' She finketh down, till hanging on his neck, He on hex belly falls, fhe on her back. A young baronet in this lady’s forig of life, unrobed her of her virgin te ia most as foon as poffeffion was granted indifference took place; the defire entirely vanifhed, and he lest his much dejettedl fair one co feek fupport in the wide field of fortune. A good complexion which is agife of nature; a lively fparkling dark eye, of a {mall fize; and a remarlable pretty hand and arm, which she ‘takes care fhall not be hid, and is alfo when in good fpirits an excellent bedfellow. Owing to the baronet’s inconstancy, together with the common cares of the world, the damfel is fubje& co greag lownefs of fpirits, which in general reguires three os four chearful, giaflés co ‘diffipace. She is a licele pitced with che {mall pox, and not much aboye twen at WVFYV UY UY UU YOO ee ao V4 es I A Siecle nacure and fome fhare of arc United, constieuce each. different pare. According’ to -thé ‘mote, we find Miron. E——= is an excellene customer to Ravley:and Warren. Indeed fhe may be constdered as a whole length of Sir Jofsa én: puris nuburalibus, divested of er drapery.” Wlowever, ic mult be al- | lowed fhe is very fair, and sout enfemble, avery goad piece, at a proper diflance from: the Gretdes bur, like wax work, which fhe refembles, ic is dangerous to place her too near ig, fhe is of ‘fuch a melting aipoktion. Le mukt ‘alfo be acknowledged the has very good blue eyes, and fine auburn locks, which, added co a good fee of reeth, constuuce; at least, a Premeh beauty sas ic Is an axiom in Paris, Dares moi.des beause years ct des belles Deati=———Gus rofic, ¢ mea foo, Ta selith: the Ton, who are lefs fond of being bilked than herfelf, when fuch an accidenc happens, fhe confoles -herfelf with che Poet" 6s What can’ be cur’d, 8 Must be endur'd.” Men of honour, may, however, be affured, that Mrs. alfo deals upon honour, and will be found an excellent bed fellow, well acquainted with all the amorous paces of delight, for two gulmeas, at any hour of day or night. Mifs W—d, No. 55, Wells Street, Ox ford Road. A tie bit, and extremely fie To playa gammon, or'a bit. This cic bit is not above nineteen, of che middle fize, bue rather inclined to be lutty; has a fair complexion, with Mads NOC OCCH NINE MOINS Wpow Cue pave de’ Ltndves (having’ téceived'a come Slete boarding {chool' education, where | She nor only Tearne to dance and fpeak French, but allo was initiated into all the my steries of che cyprian {chool, having -read -les Bijouse Indifcréts 5 the /Voman of Pleafure; Rochester’s ‘Poems; 2) fhe is ax fait de tcut. Add to this, fhe has osten viewed with rapture all Aresin’s postures, and longed for the practice, as ‘well as the theory. No wonder thén thar'‘fhe fhould be inclined to ‘give delight in every poffible aititude, and has no kind of objection to yield, with becoming modesty, to take’a coup a Léevretta. Thus qualified fur a niche in che Cytherian gallery, this lively lafs started from her father’s inn, in Surry, to play an amorous game in the metropolis; and ye may be added, fhe plays her cards very well, having already realized‘a prete ty fum, by her ‘lace connections‘with a Mr, R. from the East Indies, and now ‘fhe feldom'plays for lefs chan ‘two tahoig He ovum NEY OD ONDINE A EEO NODE SDE ™D Andartlefs fondne!s and perfuafive grace 3 To which advantage nature kindly yave, Becwixe two cempting thighs a.-_fy seaveo Aboue the month of May or June" this young tempting lafs arrived. in. town, from Norfuik, unhackneyed, in the Cys. prien,Game, the now treads the common pach, Che fun has lets she etf-ts of his: rays.im feveral {mall fpots, which, cone. traffed by.a pair of fine -hazeheyes,. lighe, brown, hair, and a fair complexion, makes. her perfon.a wery. agreeable. ones Her age is new. anly cwenty, one, and, ag, fbe:is bozh good. tampered. and able to fing; an, excelleng fong" 80 one gan imas gineto many fhullings badly fpent.in hes cesripany. SLES Mifs H—=d, No 97, Charlotie Street, Rathbone Place. This lady is, we understand, a very oe Py [-) ere tin hie Wer) | er nen ann melas WMinreoereranyy ther tallin itature. Ier eyes are at once fparkling and alluring, and in her jetty tretles, a hundred cupids lie in ambufh. Whene'’er fhe {fmiles, her dimpled cheek is fure to nvake a conquest if a man be prefent; and even when fhe laughs, though at his expence, he must be pleafed, as fhe difplays fuch a range of teeth as fet at naught all dentifrices of Hammet, and his whole tribe, Her conver= fation is lively and agreeable, and not the Jeast tin€tured with that ribaldry, which too frequently befpeaks the prostiruce. Her genteel manner of living denotes ‘that fhe must have uncommon refources, and feveral keepers of rank have been affigned her; but fhe is generally united by a Mr. S-——" of Berner Street,who is thoughe to be: her chief fupporter, however any Gentleman, that has three or four yellow boys to {pare, may be always fure of an agreeable accommodation in all refpects, as fhe can both dance and fing delightfully. er MOU With a impse, Gevoid Or all WUIlla, Half open to view is the bud of the rofe; he grove 'twixe her thighs,in the centre chat lieo, Half open co view jult inclofes the nofe. Here we prefent our readers with as deliradle a litle piece as ever came finifhe’ ed from nature’s luxurious hand; fhe ig fond of difplaying her make in a riding habit, but let us throw off every difguile, and thew nature unadorned; then you fee Betfy in the highest perfection; though fhort, every limb is formed in the most exact proportion; s her breasts, with all their tempting firmnefs, strut forth in all che wantonnefs of unflacked defire, The branching veins im tiats cerulean run, And on the top their blufmog honours fhed. difplaying the rofe bud empearled with the dew. ‘The fountain of delight is elegantly fhoded by a light coloured ms, the half pouting lips lovelingly embraces the ruby sip that through the pl-uling TO TB MW >) Ne Noe foor that bears an exact proportion to the rest of her make. Jn bed he is. mot amorous Companian, and: ually exjors the extasic moment, at. which saz ho pc fible enticement on her fide is wanting. ‘The tcwsning lini, the sbrilling kifs, the lingual dart, under the quick figbing cone fu, ‘are at once ‘employed, cil! matur at oue ‘deep fetched figh, diffolves in liquid pleafure. Sh¢ has a fine natural sofy colouf, with’ a wanton hazle eye, very ford tecth, and a regular fet of features ¢ ch as are but feldom. equall’d, in, the whole cyprian train. Her age is aboug feventecn, and her price ju half che number of guineas; report fays the has been months im trade for herfelf---cwhich weare credibly informed is only fix. Mrs. B—rdm-e No. 3, Little Chapel Ssreek, § bo. Las If agure eyes and poxt.ng lipo, If tempting cheeks and velvet sip%, Can move the lover to the game, Mors may he nayeel hie amo nue Mame. ag ee Bh —_— Vw SG to pia SS 63 6) Qo Ww YG Bet og =o o Y hee ili-foreuse threw‘ hher inco the hands af cho mok dangerous creature in fociery, who having nothing to fear {rom lofs of ‘Charater, bas every thing to hope from the weaknefs, misforeunes, and credubity of cheir wretched preys 1 grean ao. Yoe principled attorney. Unfortunately for, poor Mary, the conceived a fondnefs far Mr. C——~ of Gray’s Inns who vader pretence of dosag her juktice, he instiauted, fuirs in feveral courts again& her hufbasd, aad the, blinded by her fondnefs,. figned, | every paper cendered co her. Having. fatisfied his bust on her, and kis avarice. (as. far as pofable) on ber kufoand, to compleat bis character, he chen abandoned the fond, the too credulous fair. Though not blefled with what painters call a fine | face, the has an agiecable pleafing countenance, and nature, as though condcious.. of her neglect above, has made ample amends on the parts blow. She is tall in stature, we turned timbs, plump, and round, and is fo zealous in her devotions, that we would advife none, bus the mok °Tis not my complexion the bucks do admire, Bae my foot, leg, and thigh, and the /por that ia big ber. Fortunate for Betfy the has a leg and foot which fhe takes no fmall pains in expofing, and alfo particular care that its covering fhall not difgrace it; yet wader cover they perform sheir parés with astonifhing readine/s, and never quit the swiniag embrace tll nature, buried in the lufcious tranfports, fends all her foul to the centre. We cannot pafs any great encomiums on her perfon, being rather {mall; however, a dark complexion tho’ pitted with the fmall pox, cerulean eyes" and not above twenty, together with a magre circle, earns her many a half guinea. Milfs Rofe M—nn—ss, No. §2, News mar Shr ees. Thea he begg’d the dear lafs to comply, Defire thone full in her eye; He preffed her with glee co his breast, ‘Ler fancy exhibit the rest, — feat. She does not feem yet to have reached the meridian of beauty 3 but na- ture, at a very early period, pointed out the ufe of the centrical fpor, which at the early age of fourteen, fhewed fuch evic dent marks of womanhood, and the little all ruling deity began to furnifh her eyes with fuch tokens of defire, that a conquest. was eafily made, and before fisteen fume mers had warmed her heart ay Her maiden rofe confentingly was pluck’d, And every virgin claim at once lic dead. She is now about eighteen, gentecly fore med, a pretty, love {parkling eye, a fais complexion, good reeth, and though young, is perfectly mistrefs of the art of ineveafag the pleafure in the die-away moments; not more than two or three years ago, this damfel was well known jn and aboue Se. James’s Street, as a dealer in notegays, from which amufement fhe was taken by one of the King’s Place abbeffes, who foon aster introduced her ~ es * 1 AY | ee grek C A, JEECAIUS - SRE RUULTY CALLUS U US: pound One. a a Tae Mifs. Maria Sp—nc—r, No. §9, South Moulton Street. Give me a bumper fparkling in the glaf¢, And.I’m the chearful, I’m the wanton lafs. Liquor has noe the fame eff: on this tall well made lafs chat ic has on many of the train. She is never fo chearful or fuch good company, as when Bacchus: sas: lent bis friendly aids chen give her: the loveimproving glafs;-and you'll -findt er {pirits: increafe, her wicked black eyes foon /peak the language of her mind,. aid all her lively frame unite in the wilhy. ed'for plexfure; ane. alchouoh fe hac made aneia the circle thefe: three years. {fre still can boast of many good:friends, particularly a Mr. Cr tt 3 to: whont fite has: beer under no’ little: obligation. for'fome time palt. The famed City of Britol onve her birth awhoure one enct NAA ELH £AW0UG Ko How {weet life’s curren glides along, When wine invites the chearful fong 3 But would this life be worth our care, Xf blest with chefe, we lost.che fair: This delicate, fpeightly dame gave her virgin rofe to be plucked by a miltary offreer, in the west country; her fondnefs for her undoer did not long remain, and her defire co vifit ‘the metropolis foon banifhed the {mallaffections that had raken place in her-heart. ‘T'welve months practice in the profeffion has just made her the defirable. prece; her fine dark fparkling gyes beam with the fire of love, fhe is very fair, and delicate, can fing and dance remarkably well, and being otherawite fully accomplithed, confiders herfelf entitled to a genteel compliment; as ‘fhe is inthe prime age of one and twenty. LE YGOOGNMYEIS WYUBIE ANOOMWS If mutual love: if mucual fire Can add a relifh to defire; Come ye voluptuous to this feat, ler willing limbs will ne’er retreat ¢ But cling with fervour to each kifs, Till all che foul diffolves in blifs. The number of good friends this lady keeps in her constane poffeffion, obliges her to live a little private; but her amorous inclinations (which is fo warmly painted in the ¢b6 and jisw of two of the Jonest promontories, that ever fiays propt, or gaufe fhaded,) will not fuffer her to remain at home; her eyes are dark, countenance chearful, and has a remarkable good fet of teeth; fhe is under the middling fize, but exattly the fize in the middle. One pound one is the price of one mighe’s enjoyment, and her age ic only nineteen, Sure in forming thee heaven took unufual care; \Like ies own beauty it defign’d thee fair s ‘And form’d thee by the best low'd angel there. This lady is tall and elegant in perfon s her faceremarkable pretty; her converfation pleafane and vivacious. Betfy is ‘about twenty,-with light hair, and fine blue éyes, has very good teeth, and a fine leg and foot. She might be stiled a real beauty, and would probably osten pick up che handkerchief in the Seraglio, were fhe there properly introduced. She is the daughter of a clergyman, who was obliged to fupport himfelf and family upon a fcanty living, and at his demife, poor Betfy had a wide world to range in, having nothing but her perfon and mental accomplifhments, which were well cultivated, to recommend hers: and fhe might justly urge, If poor weak women chance to go astray 3 Their flare are more io faule than they. Knows the value of a guinea better than herfelf, afum, however, the feldom ae Fe Ptss being more accustomed...to yield er embraces for double and treble thag amount. a rr) a rrr er Mik D—v—np—t, at a Bifcuit Shop, in @ otsenhawe Street, Lottenham Cours Road, In all the fex fome charms I find, Aiud love to try what's all mankind. Mifs D—t is very ‘different from ‘the rest of her Gsterhoad, for being of a ‘very amorous difpofition, about. twenty fix, fhe cannot refit the importunities of the Beaux Gargons, whom ‘the osten ‘gratifies gratis. She is an agreeable girl, tall and thin, with light hair and ‘fair complexion, alittle pitted with the {mall pox, and though fhe cannot be pronounced a regular beauty, the pofl¢fies ex prefiive eyes, though but indifference g@q ff Gas ae B UICUw Wwiakhhts AU Blk QSILTV ER auiy: timie inthe night, She expects haif a guinea for a night’s lodging, and indeed, fhe well deferves it, for befides her beir g a wery expert difciple of the cypriin queen, her well furnifhed apartmznc ts worth Bagnio or Hotel prices fo that’ the' money is not all lost; if ic were ov ly for temiporary accominodation. She is béfides ‘a wery decent tehaved worn, dnd never gives offence to deceaey. Ly hee converfation; though when jhe is between the fheets, no’ devoter of the Cytherian goddefs exprefies her fenfatt Ons with greater ardour. °°! me role “S 2 yp. Mi G C=, ‘No. 35 Princefs Séree Leicefer Fyelds. b. Cd The pretty fparkler, never fails to pleafe; As all the does, Is done with fo mach eafe, * This lady poffeffles a very good thape, dark‘ hair, fine éyes, ‘regular engaging Teatnree and aand reerk She’ ie ahnne Bred to the glove making bufinefs, fhe. fill carries i¢ on to prevent the voice of fcandal, if poffible from ranking her as a Jille-de-joye; but fa&ts are Rubborn things, and it mult be acknowledged the has no obje&tions to a complimenc.for half an hous’s amorous dalliance. Her panting orbs are very attracting, and fhe confiders them fo angelic, that the never lets them be preffed to afford delight wichout an. angel, at Jeast, being prefented.- A cer= tain pharmaceutic gentleman within the found of Bow-bell, generally vifits her once a week; He at once fuperintends her healch and takes care of his own, as he never enters deeper into enjoyment than the preffure and titulation of che fetons, for which he constandy gives a guinea. She has fome other friends of the fame difpofition, which fhe highly approves, referving her real gratification for: Captain O’ K---ffe, an Irifh officer, who mounts guard upon her covered way almost every night, when the is unengaged, and he is fuppofed to be an exe mmilemece 4%,88 nf ann mnoarl om re Aeear Vile ») Sav Y stoutnets of his legs, he is well qualified for che post which he fills entizely co the ‘fatisfa€tion of Mifs C--=-]. Mifs C—I—d, No. 4s Glanville Street. Here you may gaze—if gazing will fuffice Or for.a fpankes take a lufcious flice.. This lady is about eighteen, rather tall, though reckoned a fine figures; fhe is dark complexioned, but has a very engaging countenance, with fine dark haic ond exprefve eyes of the fame colour g fhe has a remarkable fine leg and foot, which fhe exhibirs to great advantage occsfionally, Mifs C———=-d is engagine in ber manners, and entertaining in er converfation. She has not been long in the line of life the now movesin, ancl appears to have an utter averfion to it, waiting only for aa opportunity of being felected by fome elderly gentleman for his houfekeener or companion. She hag. AVARTS Notte lds LNQo SQ) YORI LVLOCUOI OW Stree, Grofvenor Square. | ne main chance, fays C—n, is allmy aim, Anccrery monster, man, is fure fair game. This votary of Venus is about twenty years of ave, tall and genteel, rather pretry than beautiful, very fair, with Jioht hair, blue eyes, and her teeth are tolerable good; fhe is of a chearful cemper, ard lively fancy. eis now about a twelvemonth fince fhe has expofed her cliarms to public exhibition, and is not very extravagant in her demands; bue alwavs infistts upon her compliment bes fore the enters upon action. Few females underttand the theory and practice of buth-fighting better than hertelf, and though her covered way is not fo plentifully ornamented as fome are, fhe makes amends for any deficieney in this refpe&, by mustering all her powers to give delight. Upon the whole, we may pronounce Mifs C---n, a good tight piece 3 andthough fhehas adopted for her motto, No fwain who courto Suf.a, seeds ever defpair, She’s wantonly vicious, though fle’s quite fairo | This young lady is now just ia her prime, and if old Lig——r were now alive, he would give a bufhel of money for her to keep his feet warm. She ig rifing feventeen; has not been in great practice above fix months; but the is as pretty a tite as ever entered: a Bagnio; and can trot, amble, and -even gallop, if required, being of a very patriotic difpofition, and having a great venerawon for Se. George, our tutelar Saing, She is perfectly well calculated for this pleafureable exercife, being light, and delicate, but proportionably made. Hee face is rather delicate than captivating 3 her mouth is engaging, as well on ‘account of her pouting lips, as her two ‘rows of ivory teeth within. She is not ‘vapacious in her price, and is too apt to give credit, efpecially to the gentlemen of the army, with one of whom fhe alaned akhaner Gs manthe acn frnm Kee turning her hand to any thing. A quilldriver near Chancery Lane, offered her marriage a fhore time’ fince; but fhe prudently declined the honour he propofed her, having difcovered chat he was in debt with his taylor, and could no longer make both ends meet upon fourveen fhillings a week. Milfs H—rr—s, No, 3, York-Areet, near” Queen Ang iret, East. Her hair a lovely auburn, flowing down,. In wenton ring!ers, o’er her glowing breast, And giving fportive Cupids cool retreat. Our heroine js the daughter of a potty Tracejman, tut received an education very much fuperior to her stazion 1n life; and having read: abundance of Novels acd Romances, fhe bc gan to fancy herfeif a heroine qualifx d to Jay clajm to the hand of a ge: ncleman at least,. if not anobleman. ~he has foe plebeian to her; the Old Man approved: or the match, and the day of cheir nuptials was fixed upon; but Milfs H--—s decamped the night before with a clerical gentleman, well known in the purlieus of St. Paul’s. They lived together for fom time, till fhe became fo difgusted at Mr. L ’s hypocrify, that the precipitately lest him. She foon aster became acquainted with a merchant in the City, who made her very generous propofals, which fhe judged it would be imprudent co reject. Among other preliminary articles of this treaty, there was a fubfidiary one, by which he fettled fifry pounds upon. her, For fome time the was connected with this gentleman, greatly to their mutual fatisfa€tion: but fome unforefeen lofies in: trade, preyed fo violently: om his mind, that ke fell a martyr to grief, ' Milfs H——s was again at liberty to feek for another lover, nor did fhe long go in fearch of one. She had many admirers, and feveral overtures were made her. amonotlt whieh fhe had a verv flate ratified the definitive treaty between the contracting parties, This lady is tall and very elegant in her figure, has a most enchanting countenance, and an engaging behaviour which feldom fails of producing her avery genteel com pliment from all her vifitors. Mifs B—ks, No. 14, Little T itchfield. reek p Xe has been remarked, and with great truth, that one fucceisful Thais hag occafioned numbers to purfue’ the fame vocation; most females have the vanity ¢o think they have charms equal to any gther for captivating; and thar they have as much right to levy contributions upon the male part of the’ creation; as the most brilliant and elevated of the fier hood. Fanny Murray, and Kitty Fither, debauched more girls than all the officers of the euards, during the fame period; and we douht nor bur fame of ane nee. fent under confideration, is a native of Iteland, and we, lear has fome hopes of foon being taken into keeping by a certain young nobleman, who values his.mohey. as little as he:does his health. - At pree fent fhe does not yield to che embraces Of any one for lefs than two guineas, and many think. they. have a -good bargain, as fhe is about one and twenty, rather Justy, but a very engaging countenance, ‘a fair, complexion,which fhe improves by -a little of Warren’s Rogue; her eyes are -a fine blue, her hair dark, with good fe-gwular teeth. Befides, Mifs B—ks is of a very ‘agreeable entertaining difpofition,.and takes particular care co give ample ‘fatisfaction to her admirers, whofe whinis -and caprices the fludies with aetention, Ke is whifpered, - that about a twelvemonth fince the moved in the humble {phere of. mopfqueezer; when being taken notice of by a.young Oxonian, who was upon a vifit to the metropolis, he procured her a genteel lodging, and furnifhed her with cloaths to make’a gene mm ne rs + 4 Temple Bar. For when the pleafure drowns the pac. With double blifs we come again, Tho’ a veteran in the Cytbercan game, till fhe is not forfaken; her natural good difpofition, improved by a gcod under Manding, {till makes.her.a defirable bed‘fellow: her abilities under cover require ‘ho comment, as there is no one in the field more anxious to pleafe, or more fuccefsful in their endeavours. She is truly en bon. point, datl complexion, dark hair, and a {wimming pair of pleafure darting blue eyes; her teeth we cannot praife, but, upon the whole, the poflefles a certain ye ne feai quoi that feldom fails pleafing, for which fhe is as reafonable as you can poffibly with a woman. of -thirey odd to be. WN. B. Your vifits will. be more welcome, when her keeper (a certain limb of the Law) is out of the way. LVLWIS WY IND Uy UME V6OVGES 5 2 Qseen Amwe Sireetk, Kafs. The family of the Waptails are very mumerows, And fome of them very artful. This precey lieele ching is about nineteen, and may be confidered as an epic tome of a fine woman, a miniature of beauty. She is of a dark complexion, expreffive eyes, and fowing dark trefles. Jnler ceeth are white, but not’ regular. A, {mall piece of che vixen in her temper, it 18 to be wifhed, for her own fake, may in time be corrected. Our miniature has mot been upon the tewn much above ten months; bue fhe is not ignorant of the meritricious arts, and refufes to grant the cdsimatum of blifs for lefs than one pound ones A Certain naval officer, who made a pretty forcune by captures, during the late war, is extremely enraptured with her, and if be is not foon abroad, may probably cake her co himfelf. In this cafe fae is prepared to infist, as a prelumimary-article. unon a ferrlement: and ~‘ Madamoifelle,at Mrs. W—lp—les,No.t, Poland S$reek. Blere would f dice each blifsful nighe, Here chafe the fleeting time away, Aad whelm'd in love's ferene delight, Rife full of dfe at happy dey. | Every gicl with a beauciful face and a good furm, mu, in fome meafure, pleafe; but very few among the lik of trading mymphs afford char: pleafure. in enjoyment you mect with, in chis delectable piece. She is now on the verge of. twenty four, with fine dark hair, love {parklimg eyes, and fuch a fee of teech, as would defy the power of a Spence to imitate, or the bruth of a Rufpiné to.imeprove, You may toy and kifs wich chis charming girl, if you pleafe, buc fhe dees mot fufler chat kind of amorous dalliance long; the eagerly thirsts for more fub-stancial pleafure, and has, cither by exe a ED,’ I og,.\ nn cn | as | of prolonging the dying moment, firk as nature, by inarticulate founds, and fhorc Fetched fighs, proclaim che coming foo ver, her eager grafp fuddenly /u/pends the lic quid treafure, and drains, by flow des grees, the fofe injection, making ie almok, with Dr. Graham, © the critical % hour.” This enchanting game fhe has: played for cwo years, and if you are her partner, fhe expects at least double che number of yeliow boys. If repore fpeaks eruch, this lady has been a finger at the Opera Eloufe in Paris, and we have no Goube chat the is a mative of lealy. ——— eee Mrs. S—le—r, No. 18, South Moulson; Sérees, ) If lovely youth, with povene wineinfpir'’d, Whofe blood is fond and generoufly fir’ds Mutt havea wanton, fprighily, youthful wench ¢ ‘ Ta equal floods of love his flames to queach 3 One thag will hold him in ber clafping arms, And in thar circle all his {piries charms: o That with new mosion, and vnprais'd art, 4 Co S WG OTC SRO e Re D OS&o u ACK re BAG Bsn wantonnefs lost her the affe Qions of her parents, and they readily confented to her leaving the country; and in Cranboura Alley, round the experienced female circle, the foon learned how best co difpofe of her maiden treafure. A young furgeon was the happy man, he lived with her ull every purfe was draiued; aster him a certain foreigner of particular note, and now fhe trades che independant Jafs, always agreeable, chatty, lively, and entertaining, with charming eyes, fair complexion, and cho’ litle in every refpe&, the poflefles a czowh that will {wallow the largest merfel, and Joins chat fae is ever ready to bet a couple of guinecas, Tl heave up che heaviekt burdems nna car cc Mrs. W—ll—y, No. 51, Wells Séree8s Oxford Ssrees. A wanton fprighely ancient lafs, ‘hag leves co chat ond drink her glafo, And isin bed, or fame’s a liar, NYY etan fam framinth’ pan aor. Xe S, OF GEPi VE CHE MOFe Cifemvi Gs PG7b S, OX their exquifite Tenfibilicys her thape, make, and countenance {peak defire in ito futlekt time,’ and in bed fhe foon convinces you are not mistaken. She is full of life, very chatty, but being troubled | at times wich difagreeable ecrustations, flxe is under the neceffity of ufing che brandy borle as a difperfer. She is of a dark complexion, and in stacure rather call and lusty. Hler particular friend Miro C——ts rs fuppofed co allow her two’ guineas per week, yet an additional guinea any day of the week is always acs ceptable, as it che betrer enables her co keep up the original chamber maid cig nic ey in full stile. Mifs M—I—r—s,No.52, Newman Street. ‘UE heath ag Farres prove e’er fo barren, With her ’ewould fruitful grow, Make violets bloom, thed {weer perfume, When the fings Taleo. EEE ne GQ —“— ¥ _. the captain, chat he was lost co almost every amuiement, and never happy, but in the prelence of his dear girls in the micit of his pleafing reveries he wrote a. fong, the tune was well adapted to her yoice, and we have feleéted one of the verles as our motto, bue death Lop foon {matched her lover from her, and immediarely our heroine placed herfelf under the protection of a certain lady abbefs, and now every hair about her Warren. is become fair game for every /port/men that is well charged, and can carry plenty, of ammunition in his pocket. she is 8, genteel figure, of a fair comp lexion, fine blue eyes, and now on the morning of feyenteen, has alfo a good fet of teeth, ~ ‘And breath like the new morn hay. é ye “If you {pore a whole nighe in this WYarres the expects you will leave a thres “peands charge behind you.: ¢ eo ~ a et Madde Weve Go VO Tio chine to warm the frozen hearty, And fend the fire thro” every pare 3. Tis thine to bid she———o glow, -Wigh fierce delights and overflow. ' This tall fountain of pleafure has nade. a very confpicuous figure in the Cyprian ciréle ever fince fhe first’ entered; but nature has fo thoroughly Ramped in her. difpofition the deéfire' of pleafing and being. pleafed, that her feelings are (if poffible) now more improved than diminifhed.. Her figure is tall, elegant, and genteel 3 her’ eyes expreffive and wanton; the treffes, which ‘negligently flow over her lilly-neck, are of the brightest auburn, and form a beautiful coneralt with her complexion; fhe is young, affable and good natured, and difplay d ’ gv: Tn-ali her geitures wantoanefs of love, She was lately in keeping by.a Captain" but now is fecking for one more wealthy;. at prefent' any gentleman armed with NASB LYE SQ SNMO M9 SVU MMOM JOE GON F Oxford Road. Serange ave the paffions of mankiad To reafon deaf, to common fenfe quite blind, Wo female votasy of Venus undere Rands all the minusiec of her profefbon better than Mifs G—t. She twines her culls as it were, round her finger, studies: their foibles and caprices, and gratifies’ them to their full excene. She has, pero haps, a fet of che most extraordinary’ customers of any profefional devotee of: the Cyprian Queen, in town, As an instance, we fhall relate the following account, remarkable as it may appear. Ay certain merchane, near Leadenhall Kireet, vifits her constantly evéry Satur day forenoon, as there is little co do up> on change on that day. Wo fooner. does Mifs fee Mr. B= encer, than the: orders the occeflary implements for che wathing of foul lianen, fuch as a kettle of hot water, foap difh, wafh-tub and the like. Whefe beige produced, with the GAIA TGLUICIO AAGIA LEIS AAMILD VS JOS AIWES DO would be ladies of pleafure, indeed, if they could meee with fuch handy culls, who not only pay them well for doing nothing, but fave them the expence of a wafber woman. We could mention fome other vifitors, equally accentric in the gratification of their pattions, bue we fhall referve them for fome other occafions, as Mifs G— ig mot the only lucky female in this refpect,. In her perfon the is rather luty, bug well made, with blue eyes and fair hair, about twenty, very engaging in her manner, poflefling, whae Lord Chesters field calls the Graces. | Miifs J—haf—n, No. 5, Glenvilk-fireev. The young lady we have in our eye, 3s rather tall and genteel; fhe has an engaging countenance, a full chet, and a fill more-engaging manner. If aving received Mrs. W-—, we may fuppofe the is well instructed in all the meritricious arts, and being an apt fcholar, is cay able of pliye ing then off to the belt advantage. When the was first in training, fhe was, according to her own mode of expreffiun, monfiroufly ford of @ red coat, but was foon convinced that they were tere lobters, without fubstance, kepe too long wpon the stall of the town, and that nothing was to be expected from them burt water, This doctrine Mits J found to be just, as upon examining her tablets, in the courfe of an acquaintance with fix captains, feven lieutenants, and eight enfigns, the found all their prefencs. amounted but to three guineas and a laalf. She, therefore, now lvoks oue for fubstantial Cits. A mercer, or a linen draper can either pay her in meal or male, and a handfome gown is always worth a night’s lodging. This is reafoning to the point, and fuch reafoning ag has furnifhed her with a handfome wardrobe, though at the pawa-brokers; bu¢ 1 en ~.. ~Vnew ee ee a 7.° _ 9g AY a mr is to pay either in hard cafh, or in fofé embraces, principal and interest. Mifs Qu-——=n, No. 54, Berwick fréeto This is the lovely enchanting Mifo Qu—a,; Who caa do wonder with her magic ringo And alfo poffeffes that fore of Fe ne Seai quoi, without being abfolurely handfome, or even pofitively pretty, that no man can refist her. She is a type of the Perfian Thais’s, and feems to have taken fome lectures at the Sereils upon’ the Bouveroids. It is true, that ia contrac diction co Madam Paris’s nymphs, the fometimes gives way to inebriation; ‘bug fhe carefully avoids any exceffes this way, when fhe expects her keeper, who is.an old dotard, and finds plenty for himfelf, bu little thinks that fo many of his acquaintance cake a relisty at the fame ordinary for one pound one. She is rather fhort bur delicate, has a fine complexion, blue eyes and good teeth: Mier aoe is abbone erhteen. and the hae ~ Wer pretty panting {welling bubbies are As firm as wax, anel as the chrystal clear; Below, whofe tompting fwell cine fone of soy,. Ia graceful armour calls the Piffen’d boy. This true fpecimen of beaury, love, and just, ‘acted formerly as chambermaid to a noted intriguing houfe; and here her liecle fancy caught every wanton Gefire thac must nacurally arife from the rofpects afforded her; and her eyes lewd index to the mind) foon informed the first willing youth che state in which the parts below were; nor was there any gefittance. The whole canal was arrived to chat vunfurmountable pitch of hear, that the dacerasing feroke was felt without pain, drowned in the titulating fenfe of the furrounding parts, and we may venture to afirm, fle is not the more ace complifhed bedfellow now than chens blest with a pair of infinuating dark eyes, a good complexion, remarkable fine teeth, and not more than eighteen. If a walk co Berwick Street is too far for any of eee NEE i ee eee —— — fk 'So — g ESE a merchant of the City’... Mifs D—v—r, No., 62, Newwean Street. ‘ She moves quite a goddefs felf created, Buc for the chigk the is not better-fated. This lady is tall, racher thin and gene eel, her eyes and: hair are ‘dark’; the is about nineteen years of age. Mifs aims much at the fine Jady, and ts very fickle in the choice of her admirers; fancying herfelf fomething fuperior to mortal, and that fhe fhould be idolized like a goddets. Notwichstanding che refined notions, and her extraordinary delicacy, fhe can feldom perfuade any of her vifitors to prefence her wich more than a fingle one pound one. Mrs. Ag—r, lies Mrs. Ww—k—f=n, No. 65, Queen Ans Stree, Eaf. anid pretends to a very affeéted refinemene of delicacy, which by her a€tions fhe is continually contradicting; boasts of her being cope by a Mr. I. of Bermondfey, though doe wil) quit his company at all times to cara a guinea, [Her favours feem conferred on a certain fat beau jew, who fupplies her with linen for che houfe, and is well known to che Public as depuew master of che ceremonies of Searle’s hop, near Golden Square, where he cons stancly actends her; thofe who have a with co vific this lady would do well co ‘prefent her wich the money Grst, as ic ale waysrenders her more civil and agreeable, for fhe is fure co difgust by her mede of applicstion. She is in general to be met wich ac Seacle’s, or Tom’s, Soho Square, where a guinea will be always found acceptable. Mifs J—k—naf—n, alias Cl—ke, No. 23, Landen Street. CAE HEE SG SVE So BY Py BAGIE YELLEEA WYO vent Garden. Happening, in one of her nightly preambles,tw atcra&t the notice of a corn fa€tor,who cook her into keeping, -furnifhed her houfe in an elegance stile,. and fupported her in the most liberal manner for four years; bur he becomingsa bankrupe, could no longe; retain the fmallest fhare of his Nancy affections, nor can.it be wondered at co thofe who have the flightest knowledge of this lady, whofe inordinate avarice is only to be equalled by her love for che borle and che infamy of her exprefi Gons,; if you could pofibly, for the time you are with heg, divett yourfelf of hearing, or your nofe from {melling the falubrity of her breath arifing from che ufe.of che borele, why chen I really confefs fhe.is deferving Of Q very genteel prefent. Pm EE Mifs Suckey S—m—b, alias G—dch—ld, ab 6 Perfumer’s, No. 33, Howland Sérect, and ab the Bore boufe, Waebew Commm0r3. ¢ NHB SESSNIREIAG BEGELWEIELY iat hea Sy Sy» VQ 4S brown hair, a little pock’d mark, with a beautiful neck and of an amorous difpofition, has been in a fort of keeping for thefe two years past by a certain dea ler in iron and hardware, and not many miles from Dowgate, who fearful of hee iacontinence, has prudently removed her: plate and best table linen, for fome extra fums which he had advanced her beyond her ufual allowance. Any gentleman who has a defire of vifiting her would do well to callin the morning, when the is in an undrefs, as when drest the will {carcely condefcend to fee an old friend, though her favours is chiefly confined) to RB handfome hair dreffer, and the chief mate-of a lately returned East Indiaman, who alternately experience then in the abfence of the good boy her keeper, flat tery will be found to have as much ef feét as three pieces of gold. SSS Mrs. C—m—p, Bow Street, Covent — Garden. oe WE GCALAAW EEE UW EAYANS BAAN AWE WEE). WAs der his tuition, a perfeét adept in all his villainous undertakings, of which fo fenfible was he of her ufe, that he bequeath’d her his whole property when he died, and truly the was justly intitled to it; foon aster bis deceafe the engaged herfelf wich a {prighdly young fellow well known in the purlieus of Covent Garden, as a pickpocket,where between them itis faid they have acquired a confiderable fum 3 fhe is fure to be met with at Sce—I—gs, and if difengaged fure to be introduced to “you, as fheis a great favourite of the younger S—g, and has the title of being his hacks fhe is a pretty tall woman, about thirty years of age, pitted a little with the fmall pox, and a remarkable wood piece; a fingle guinea will be both aeceptable and fauefattory.. Mifs L—ve, No. 14, George Strees, Tostenbom Court Road, The gods on her have well bestowed, Indeed fhe’s finely /ur.delowed. WNC ANE IS WE PRK -LWER. ANOVE WT fhe is fomewhat addicted to {weariag, the men al} {wear in turn, thac fhe is a d——d fine hairy piece; and notwiche anding the jolly god sow ‘and then geto the better of her, the generally gets the better of all her buth fighting antagonists. in the long run, as flye has ber hours> of relaxation from the fears of Bacchus: ‘as well as Venus 3. fhe tells a good story,. ‘aiid can ‘produce an txeellent tale, which ‘fae charges lictle more for than it is well worth, confidering the fcarcity of ics Complexion in this country, being but very lately imported from the West In dies, She is tall and genteel, about eighs teen years of dge, and is-faid to ‘be im Keeping by Sn American. | EERE Mifs Sm—th, No. 18, Jobs Ssrect, Tote tenbam Cours Read, By chat fmile that decko thy face, By that dimple on ‘thy chin, By each hoving frreet embrace, Let me oenee mere CREEP io GY GW sp HAG WWE YW WEE BEWEsaees Ck IGL WS as lost a nunaber of frreads on that aceount. Blefled by nature with a good— matured face, and a lively perfon, fhe mak.pleafe; nor does fhe leave untried every menosuvre the wicked hand-of laf. ‘Gannvent to increale the wantéer able pleas. fare the burning hifs, the quick darting gongue, the regularheave, andthe crurak Kuk, Ine vives you tn a fuperlative degree, ‘and feels, ac the lest tremendous soruf all ‘emotions that musual rapture can afford. JHler eyes at that lufoieus period hold con. ‘verfe with the mind, and fwim in chryfal, She is a blooming lafs.of only feventeen, wich piercing blue eyes, fair complexion,. tai and genteel, and not very extravagant in her demands, confidering the is only a soung: beginner. Mrs. Bl—ke, No. 65, Norton Street, Portland Street.: 'Tis not my eyes thac dart refistlefs fire, My breasts hac panc and glow wich @erecdelive, 'Tis nde my lips with balmy nedtar froughe, That dartche kifs, chat fpeok the wanton thoughe, eae ee OS ONO Ee SYD BASS BA GSY Still made a remarkable addition, which our charmer. is:not.a litcle vain of 5. it, is ‘a large mole on her lefs thigh, which ‘though ngt quite forlarge as a guinea, fhe thinks is. very good Latin:for two,. But chat is nov fufiicient if Me, M—t—ny the Timber-merchant, happens to be in the way; however, as this lady keeps the houfe, fhe has ample accommodation for different guests fhould they chance to meet at one and the fame hour, fo that no> further inconvience than a difappointment can poffibly enfue. Buc that indeed many will fay is quite enough, for the is an excellent companion, with fine dark eyes, good complexion, and youthful as the morning, being only nineteen. Madam Dev—il—r, No, 20, -Leiceer Stree, Goldew Square. IW er: come, no freedoms X deny, - Indulge the tempting dear delight, « Drink tranfports from my liquid eye, 4 And /pend in blifs the veaceful. niche. fhe has but lately arrived 3 however, her reign in that exalred {phere was only three months, a’ fufficient time fo stain her young mind with that kind of pride, a once exalted state generally creates ina female breast; neverthelefs the is a defires able girl, and whilst her paramour cone tinues the gentleman, he will find in her prefence every enjoyment a true fenfualife can defire; her affable temper, and nas tural good difpofition, has fecured her a genteel circle of male ‘acquaintance, and if a fmart elegant figure, fair complexion, blue eyes, and a good fet of teeth, are, in the eye of our reader, worth two or three ‘guineas, we would recommend him to vifit the amorous Magan Dev—U—r..°o. Mrs. D—v—np—t, No.' 29; Goodge Séreet, Vossenbous Court Reaé. ‘She looks temptation, and her very eye, Can @laves and captives constantly efpye. 12 =. ar -) q 7 ° oe 7 fi. i PO | es i a -n + 1. and fhe is wanton with-uneoni:00 grace; add to this her remarkable fine teeth, and the reader will acknowledge we have pot been too lavifh in her eulogiums, Befides fhe is-of a remarkable ever tenre per, and feems by nature born to: pleafe, as well by her mental, ‘as her corporeal ateractions; mo wonder then, that for very near atwelyemonth, Me has been able to levy contributions, at the rate > Of chee guineas a head,-upon all srevellers, who have puthed: forward in rae § ‘ road eo bhiks, e S - JNOECS C=], No. 14, Unies Steed, Queen Lim Street, Laff. @ —=>- Though fair, fhe’s proud) ——I mperious her, and lowd. The idea of a proud woman may ade; mit of a double entencre, but that is not meant here. Mrs. C——-, tho'a free woman in one fenfe of the word. i S noe BBLENEE g D — BAIR SOD VES VW GOOG SCRE Cha UU earth with thdifference: but fhe is proud from an Opimion of her irrefittible charms, which by the bye are but me Bioere, and flid ts haugtty to thofe vifitors who do nog pay her that deference, co which fhe thinks herfelf intitled from being Mistrefs of the houfe wherein fie refides, Aster having faid thus much concerning her temper and difpofition, it would be onjust co deny; that the is fair, cho” rather thort’ and. iaclinable be lusty; has fie blue eyes, and very good teeth; and appears like a gentle> woman. She has not been above a ‘ewelvemonth on the pavd, and expects a contpliment of two guineas, Miro A n of the Life Guards, is fuppofed to be her particular friend and favourite. Mifs Ell—e, No. 2, Glefer-Coure, St. Fames’s0 | Say little wanton could you be, Half fo happy as with me. adorned by fine blue eyes, with regular good teeth; the may be confidered 4 very agreeable girl, and is a most excellent bed-fellow. If Anging is.an accomplifament, the poffefles that in additioa to many Others in a high degree, having had avery good education. Mifs E—, has not yet laboured nine months in her prefent vocation; yet fhe has more than once, like Falstaff, grown plump upon it, | tho” the ‘has coastantly mifcarried in ine. creafing posterity, but the rifing generagion must allow. chey never, mifcarry wnder her hands. She was bred up a. milliner, and, true to her calling, will not allow, that, ** A stitch in time faves 86 nine. <A young Citizen osten vifits ber, and has the vanity to believe he fo far engroffes her affections, that fhe is perfectly constane to him. But Varizry is her Morro, and her Supporters the whole town. WOE Go Uv0 Juk ae fixteen my breasts begam to heave, And into {fnowowhire femi-globes to cleave; At feveateen love my fiery heart unbent, Aad all my feafes co the contre {ont This lady’s original name was Hy, and being early initiated on the sown, ale though far from handfome, fhe is not de Rieute of friends; and during her refidence at Mrs. W—ds,amongist a number of her admirers, was a Mr. H—e, a haberdafher, mear Soho, who was fo well pleafed with the make of her parts below, and the correfponding aptnefs they formed with his, he immediately removed her from ILifle Sereet, to Lambeth, gueffing then to be the fole pofleffor; but we can affure him he is much mistaken, fhe poffeflles ameafuge will anfwer other yards befides his, ‘wrth che fame degree of pleafure. Shs too fat to be genteel, too fhort to be; legant, too brown to be handfome, and {ie sous enfemble, coo plain for any gentler an to rifk more than a guinea Her carelefs air, her cafy mein and drefs, Nor are, nor perfe& negligence confefs; Admir’d by all the treads the cypriaa stage, And one and twenty is the lady’sage. This lady borrowed her name from a captain D———d, who at that time kepe her as his own, nor fuffered any invaders oa thofe premifes. She lived with him -in thac stace for fome time; for this last fix months fhe has traded publickly, -che captain, neverthelefs, has not forgotten her, but he is still ranked in the circle of her friends. She is vall and genteel, fine blue eyes amd dark complexion, has a pretty mouth with good teeth, the affects ‘a deal of pride, and affectation in her ‘talk and manners, but never quits the path. of politenefs. She was born at WNewcastle, and has not yet quite lost that kind of diale&t; bur, although fhe.poffeffes a fmall degree of formality ac -the tea-table, it is entirely lost under ‘cover; there you may unbind your wickan snane ann Mey mn expall magra AY lane Ors Sal Q. <= Eo Mifs St—v—ns, No. 2, Holland Streot" Oxford Road. | Here pure good nature, drefs’d in-beauty’s garb, With mirch and humour dances hand in hand 3 ‘The {park ing eye, the rofy dimpled cheek, And {welling chest, improveeach glowingcharm 3 A moffy mantle hades the elyfax grot, fosa forme a little paradife belaw. A pasticular good-watured pleafag cosuntenanes distinguifhes this daughort, of love s nor are you deceived ama nion A incimate acquaingance. She is ever cheare Sul, caa fing a fong,. crack a joke, or tet astory, in a very humorous and. entece taining manner. She has, during,hep voyage on the fea of love, enflaved many a noble heare, and been particularly distinguifhed by many of the wealthiest fenfualists the cour affords. Ac prefenc, her principal admirer isa Mr, N h, of A....9. ©@n wen. ire ce ee 1...,z R ip? ~ a. mm Be hn me ee @evotes t© a Certain marine lieutenant, whofe confinement putsa bar on his vifit og her. This arcachment fhews her principles of good-narure and generofity, as fhe cannot have any interested motives in it. [Here the laughs, and fings away the aulces hours, and both feem happy ia the company of each other. She is tall and genteel, about nineteen, with a {weet amiable countenance, a fair complexion, fine flaxen hair, lively {parkling blue eyes, a wood fet of ceeth, and in fize above mes diocrity, till the has dorme many a More weighty fubje€r: than herfelf, wichows RUTMUIT INE, CRCe PE In Chat extatic Manges that denotes the fofe conjunction of ewo foals mutually wound up to their diffely sig pitch. Her drefs and manner, which ave truly genteel, will noe allow her to fee any gentleman twice, unlefs he choo roughly convinces hers he is fo at the firke VG W ichcender worda" and. clinging am’roup Lufes" She’ll.quick psepare for moze fubltansial bliffen,. Aind maka che. hoy momants flip swag, Lost ia theseromfpesto af ct, eatarasli fame fpeake wuch, ehio lady: is. the natunal daughter of a country clergy nan, who could not pofiibly. ebtatn from. the lufis of the flesh; but determined not to forger the general hail “ increafe and ‘¢ multiply,” -be never let flip az opportunity of doing fervice go the cammunity at large; in confequence of this doctrine he foon procurad’a: number of difciples, who were never fo. happy, as when. he kneeled in. private before them, and.-although he did-not instruét-them perfectly in the art of performing miracles, they eafily learned the mystery of making she crooked ffraight, ox raifing up. them’ shat fall; the divine being. ever pleafed. by: jeeding the hungry wate good things. Our herqine, however, was n@ foener made 2., perfect. woman by a gead- natured farmer, nethe fame narith. than the l Liunckhed her quite a mistrefs in the art of pleafing: and as her fhape and make will bear the infpection of che love-infpired naturalist, we would recommend her in a state of mature. Sc—rl—ng’s is her houfe of call, where for three guineas you may infure yourfelf the poffefion of fuch charms, that thall never caufe a future regret. Mifs M—ds, No. 43, Goodge Strect, Tobsvenben Court Read. On Belvidera’s bofom lying, Withing, panting, fighing, dyings The cold regardlefs maid to move, You fir caught me how co love, Teach me how to be happy too. This lady poflleffes the agreeable en bon Point, and though not very tall, is Bot inelegant. She is about feventeen, her eyes are very expreffive, and her lovely dark trefles flow in wanton ringlets upon her Shoulders. Upon the whole, Mifs SUUSVas BY CMe Castes a I a& VV Clk- AO GIA merchant of fome opulence allows her a weekly stipend, which enables her ta make a decent appearance, and prevents her having any intercourfe with her rec lations at the three blue balls. To this end alfo fhe never grants her favours, but for a handfome fum, osten refufing a guinea, and with reluctance accepts of two pieces. Among the train of her admirers is a young poet, who has produced feveral pieces in the magazines, &c. in her praife, and in his last- love epistle, in which he pleaded very hard to be admitted to her bed as a bard, for, like most poets, he is not very rich, he began with the motto which we have prefixed.. She is yet very young in. the fervices noe quite a twelvemonth standing. Milfs S—by, a a Sbee-maker’s in Oxford Road, oppofite Bond Street. Give me a pious, whoring, preaching faint, Whofe fermon’s moving, though his paffion’s faine, MIE May VE AMEG' ad VEY SEXKt PIECE, Olle i3 rather delicate in ler ideas; and wall not fulbmit to the Aretin fystem in its: full extent, though when in bed; the makes: ample amends for whac fome of Ker cuf& romers call, falfedelicacy. She has been wpon the town about four years, but hac not had any great fuccets in trade, owing, mis generally believed, to her refined! notions, as fhe has ostew refuled a puinea from a Flagellant, when the next hour stie has been obliged:to fend her watch tq the pop fhop to gee a dinner; indeed, it is faid: by fome of his aequaintance, chat this cime-piece is fo well-acquainted: with the way to the three blue balls, chae were it wound up atthe door it would go thicher icfelf; She has, however, lately met with a very good friend in a methoe dist preacher, who admires her for the fentimental part of her charséter, and: he osten reads to-her pious - difcourfes" wpon the torments.of hell, for a whole evening, and leaves.her a guinea thag, they may have fone weight with her. Wem onnea. adnithrlefe Bae annielear. hia BULGES AUSSELET LSICY GUGEARAL Wig SE Sho oar balloon, and leave not a wreck behind. Milfs Hl—w—rd, No. 4, Unsow Stress, Middlefess Hofpital. <== Oh } the’s The lovely chance work master-piece of nature, That bluth to fee what her own hands had done, Ao if, mistaking moulds, the unconcern’d lad cat H—=d, in a form divine. This young lady io about nineteen, fhe is well made, her eyeo are dark, ao fs her hairs her features regular, and an agreeable dimple ig difplayed when fhe files, and a more open laugh exhibito a most beautiful fee of ceeth. This preety chick has been unfortunately under the tuition of a duenna, who found means co introduce a certain young nobleman, who @ebauched her, at the price of a confiderable fum, which the procurefs couched, and fhe has lived upon the vent of this poor oirie charme ever ince the deconved her inte is better than nothing. Upon this principle Mifs H—d now atts, and has plenty of custom at half price. ee en ee Mrs D—Is—I], No. 18, Goodge Street. The only booth in the fair—fos. chat fore OF worn-ove letchess who're Mill foud of fport. Mrs. D—=I|, is about twenty five yeare old; genteel ia ber perfons ber fcatures. ore very regular, sad. the hes Sime dark eyes, and. jetty Jecks. Fromthis deleriptioa the ledy mukt neceflariky be a fine woman, aad having Liudied in. ehe fchool of Arcsin, facis properly inte ciated in all che meritricious naysteries, to: afford delight to the most capricious lovers, and many of this complexion are 1a her train, who fly co her as che avratar véfort for gratification, aster having in vain applied to all the vain fsterhood in the neighbourhood. In fine, her repue tatian 12¢@ {eo well e Rahlifhed in ehic refs YO numerous, (hat iome timesevery room in the houfe contains admirers in waiting, ‘who are accommodated by rotation. Je is faid fhe has osten tickled and flagellared a dozen of an evening out of /o ma guineas. This is doing bufinefs with little rifque, though fome bodily as well as manual exertions are requifite upon ‘thefe occafions. She is reprefented to be particularly partial co the Italian gentlemen, asmany of chem frequently vific her. Miafs Yong, No. 12, Greaé Suffolk Ssreek. In this lovely fair one you're fure to find, A charming Thais of the am’rous kind. This lady may be pronounced.a fine woman, of a middle fize, fair complexion D ‘and very good teeth, inclinabie co the ems «bon pont. Studious to pleafe her friends and customers, no woman exerts QF | oe g *9°?. f F Qf.. © gg gg Qi VERUS, GE MICAICIS IM PUSS UBSOTEHORS, few men, if any at all, could wichstand the cemptation; and, indeed, her repuration is fo well establifhed, for her une common elastic orbs, and her well furmifhed covered way, that fhe has more customers than fhe can gratify; and che bagnio and hotel waicers are never better pleafed than when they can find her difengaged; fhe was fome time ago in keeping by a country gentleman; who on getting married, lest her to provide for fherfelf, which fhe endeavoured to do laf fummer, by coming out on the stage at Brighon, in a finging character. eeaaeaoaoaaaoaoonanaoana S e S SSS Mrs. P—rr—s, No. 32, George Stree. In her amorous zich you're fureto meet, In a pretty Hoyden, a lufcious crear. Juk in her prime, about twenty two, fhe is as fair as alabaster, and as plump as a partridge, finely calculated for chofe LM pe f F te Qe ae a || ae JS canter, or gallop, in the riding {chool of blifs, betrer chan da pesite julie P—=s.. In a word fhe earns her maney, and well deferves it. She is very moderace in her demands, and relies upon the honour of hee admirers. Mifs H—nl-y, No. 14, Goodge Street. And when the fost pleafures are all ac an end, From beautiful mistrefs curns fenfible friend. This lady is aboue eighteen years of age, of che ‘middle fize, fine blue wyes,and fair complexion. She is esteemed very genteel, and is extremely engaging in her difpofition. Such attractions and qualifications must neceffarily fecure her a number of admirers, who are all upon the Yon, and treat her with great politenefs. Having received a genteel educatiow, by which a good understanding has been properly cultivated, fhe is a weryv Enrerrainin Ga cramnannn even air. stepeeowww BNIBSO SONS BS VG SEEN BOS SONS WUIES BAIDS.and luckily as her customers are all in che genteel line, this mode of proceeding has a very good effect, and fhe fometimes touches fost paper, when had fhe infisted upon het compliment i advance, fhe could not have more than z guinea. Her favourite at prefent i¢ a Mr. H——, of one of the inns of the court. Mifs C—p—r, No. 58, New Compton Séreeh, Soho. Since I beheld chat woeful: monster maf, No joys I've known, nor felt a day’s repofes. Fer every night this is his horvid plan, ile opes a paffage time can never clofe: This lady derives her name from a fea officer, who, fometame ago, held her in great esteem. Before that period the called herfelf Mifs L—ve, and was ldom vifible but in the day time, Thé exrene of her verambulations then.was -.-I NM A ee er YY Se ee OV GD o Oo m Y ead many gown, cloke, 8c. from the city culls; but fince her acquaintance with the captain, fhe has entirely chrown afide ghae fervile appearance, and has esteemed Q.more otajestic mein, and feils along in all the glegance of a firf rate frigate, dreffes very genteel, and does credit co her facuation, - Her fhape and fize all writer's do agree, ‘Yo,be the emblem of rye fymmetrys,. Her features are large, but till fo well proportioned as co entitle her che handfome woman. If being fair complexioned, darkly eyed, very well teethed, an ex‘ellen danter, and’ a most lively com-panion, are deficeablé accomplifhmenss, fhe poslefies them in a very high degree, and her age is only twenty. Miifs Se—v—ns, No. 95, Charlorse Stveee, Rathbone Place. | HC CONE, IA BUQY ING CMe ONAIC Pai Ox we creatton, whom fhe plays off as does the other young lady, in a fimilar manner, fath and fribble; and sike them, her rival fwains, though they bluster, bully and tremble, always keep at a proper distance from blood-fhed. With regard to Mifs S —°s, perfon, fhe is not tall though genteel, her eyes are a fine blue, and her hairdark. She has a very pleafing countenance, with a fair complexion, good tedth, and a fine leg, and no one Understands the manege, in riding the gréat horfe of Sx. George beter chan herfelf. Price one povad one behind the ‘Curtdia.: nae wits Br—wn, No. 9, Little Porslosws * Ssrect, Wardour Sérecko Now ic°n’t provoking, 06 To be in fuch deliehzful keeping by a French °¢ Count, and now to be beholden tothe wide 68 world for fubfitance? ss I vow my tender heart will break.” EEE SEE IIE INI ONS NED ODN MOB AN SOOO D “* my age, only ‘nineteen, cannot operate es againt me; fine hair, looks much best SS powdered, and as pretty a leg as ever se Gk stocking covered, or nyan divided; %6 if I find all chefe won’e do, then for 86, Reynards Jatt fhife, Vi thew chem as ° beautiful. a coal hole, as Cupid ever “° burnifhed, and {ure no man, aster being ‘* put in poffellion of fo many charming 8¢ pieces, will refule me a brace of %¢ fhiners.”” Mifs H—m—It—n, No. Qs Union Street, | Middlefex Hojpital. We grafp’d me clofe,’ and at one potent thraf Drew all the fenfes to love’s fav’rite {pot. Happy. will every lover of the fpore, find himfclf in the company of chis aprecable Helen, blest with an elegane form; fhe poff:ffes a fkin fair as that ce‘lebrated dame’s, whole nave we have site oven her. she oracefiis f Rorire af a and a mne made leg 3; having received, in the early part of lite, a good edueation, is quite the agreeable, chatty companion, and fhe is not more than nineteen years of age. If in the eye of our reader, the full poffeffion of all chefe charms united, is mot worth. two or three guineas, we would -advife. him to eer fome othes courfe. Mrs. C—rr—s, No. 7, London Streak, Tostesham Court Read. With pleafing effozts to renew love’s game" The wanton widow with a letcherous hand be feeping bey with gentle friction wades 3 And coral-beaded does he fally in, 'Till sobbed of all bis vivifying pow’r, He firinks fatigu’I into Limfelf ageia. This buxom crummy widow, was legally unvirgined by an East India ofhcer. But his frequent voyages. to that warm climate, and his frequenc SW WEISS ONWSO OWE S&S eee | teal) O36 ae A the friendly affistance of the faculty, in a fhort time the dotkor figned his sastsineus, and he made his exit, leaving his charmsng widow pro bono publico, who, having. & pacticular veneration for the motto, Dum vivimus vivames, and knowing well im medio confitie virtus, opened her (ancfum: foenttorum asthe ne plosukva, and fhinesa confpicuous figure in the circle; the now lives with a Caprain T———r, who is alfo in the India fervice; the has. dark hair, and fine black eyes, good seeth, nacure’s rofes and lillies in full bloom, which have not yet fuffered a. twelvemonth’s public invafion; a chearful, agreeable countenance; and, if you: are fond of pillows of down, can fupply you with two, that for whitenefs and fostnefs will outvie the cooing turtles, and heave and fall wich fuch expreflive Fapture, at certain times, chat no perfon in his right fenfes would think a guines: an hour to much ¢o look at. Bree as light aad air I walk, Aad wacontroll’d my paffions guide; 1 eat amd drink, and fing and ealk, Aod fomething elfe I do befide: Wither then; my followers come, And, on the couch, the feat of blifs, WH Rraic conduct the hero home, And thew you what this fomething is.Some from neceffitous motives, fonte from mistaken pride, and others from 4 contracted lazinefs' follow the “/porting profeffion. But we are well convinced, that i¢ is neither ‘of thefe operates with our fubject lady: it is theer lewdnefs and letchery 3 for, according to-her own con: feffion, fhe has an annuity of fisty pounds er annum lest her by relations; ‘cherefore it is not every beau that accosts her that is conducted home. He mutt pleafe her both in manners and perfon, and then fhe has not finifhed with him. If her {parks meet her approbation, he is Nreaan er her Indoinewe ° and aster thea (which at that time is fo very confpicuous in her lafcivious eyes) we are not certain; perhaps both. Thefe neceffary preliminaries being fettled, if the fize and condition of thofe parts pleafe, fhe then fhews you the couch, and prefents you with as pretty a goer or comer as the wanton harid of nature ever forméd. She is a genteel figure, light hair, and fuch melting love-tinétur’d eyes ag few can boat, which never are permitted to fwim in‘ that celestial @uid under one pound One This lady is generally to be mide wich a thé Hop; in Queén Street, Golden Square, chree times a week, t O which fhe ig accompanied by a certain young man, who always attends her home again; that is, if the mécts 20 Other companion fuitabié co her fancy. | Middlefexs Hofpital. Pleafure wanton in thy arms, And revels over thy numerous charms; Over thy cheeks of rofy bloom, O’er thy lips chat breathe perfume, O'er thine eyes fo fweetly bright,: Darting fost expreffive delight. This young lady’ of only eighteen, | has many attractions; befides her pero fonal charms, the is affable and engaging. in converfation, in which fhe fupports the dignity of the géntlewoman, never defcending to any vulgarities of {peech, either bordering upon oblcenty OF proc phanenefs.. Her eyes are beautifully dark. and quite captivating, and her lovely trefles are Of the fame colour; the is, neverthelefs, ‘remarkably’ fair; with fine teeth, and a very pretty leg In a word, | Mifs W—-s rifes fuperior co the com-”. Hon run of her profefien, and, in proe portion to her meric, © the feems to have gbtained an adequate establifhment, EOI NEE IES IEEE LIES OREN IBSEN NN a ae A 9 6S B&d Na9 thould trangrefs che bounds of constancy, i¢ must be for a fum Very confiderable. 1 a N ae d ny Mrs. C—p—r, No. 4, Castle Street; Newman Sérees. ‘Her pouting lips do breathe embrofial fweee, And fweetest balms distill when ours they meet ¢ Her {welling breasts a& open to the gale, And catch the lilly whitenefs of the vale: ‘On Veans mount the wanton graces fkip,; 'te -. °.o ‘ And cat luxuriant graces from either lip. Notwithstanding this lady cakes upon herfelf the appellation of Mistrefs, fhe is nog above eighteen years old. Her complesxion is fair, her eyes are blue. and beautiful, fhe is call and genteel, the pretty globes of love are vefy plump and elastic: Her mouch is véry enticing, as; without the aid of adentist, the difplays two charming rows of ivory that facinate the beholder, to wifh for embracing her || nn m Rri Ieem Ty lore WA re (5s ato WO ao owe wee Ow Oo SOC Oe ey Sw aly an A 4 oo ficer of che guards, who {quanders all the money he can get upon her, though he is fenfible the does not pretend constancy co him; but che pay of an enfign will go but a licele way to fuppore him acda girl of gaity; and if the had not fome wealthy cits in cow, who now and then vific her, fhe would ofren be obliged to put up with coarfer repast than fuits her appetite. Milfs W—leg—xte, No. 33, Frith Street, Soho. _ As {weet variety is nota treafon, Wil love to day, to-morrow I'll forget, And every well fed fith that comes in feafon, Without controul shall play within my net. She is about twenty years of age, call and genteel, with fine grey. eyes,. and light coloured hair. This lady was bred go the millenery branch, and was de> bauched by a certain captain of the UMS Qa AID CY GOUWUYLG JAICA UEIDY WUEAI PAI LING W 8GE6 his wifhes. For fome time he fupported her im genteel lodgings, at che West end of the town; but, as this fon of Mars was never constant to his mistrefles for any length of time, he took a French Jeave of her, upon meeting with another wnfortunate fair one, as credulous as Mifs W——te, fince thae period fhe has been obliged to raife recruits and cafh, upon the public ac large, and i¢ must be owned, fhe has, wichoutapun, a very pretty running trade, which the turns to fome account, though her demands are as moderate as a fingle giiaea Mifs B--wd—rs, No. 2, Bewnet-fivesl, Charlot be-firecs. Melsing joys about her move, Rilling pleafures, wounding bliffes; She can drefs her eyes in love, And her lips can arm with kiffesd is now perfect mi feels of every art and ine finvation it is in che power of lips, with all zs adjoining forces, to perform. She is racher lusty, buc well made, about nineteen, with remarkable striking eyes, efpecially when fired by her favourite piece, is perfetly geod- -paiused, and has.a very. fingular pleafing voice. Her hair, which is Of a bebe glofly brown, -fhe is noc a licele, vain of, for whea fuuffesed &O hang in, meture’s wanton folds, will fom 2 clouble armour £O love’ & favourite {pats Aad enable her to bear the thock Of war uahurt, fer many awell.foughs days | Akhough this aqseoshle Jafs is in tolerable good keeping by a Mr. B——s, the taylor, not many maikes from Covent Garden, fhe dees noe refufe her comepany ia his abfence, to thofe who know _ how co behave gersecl towards hess ww 25S O OOP OM EG OV ee ¢..-w SEV ED we vy wo ~~ ee NOE Ne Whon» but co fee must fire the frigid. heart; To touch the frame with thrilling tranfports filt, And roufe the paffions to celestial glow 3 Then drinking joys from love’s enchanting fong, With eager fondnefs will fhe dare the kifs, Wich unabated vigour prefs the frame, Aad twining with delight, the folding limbs, With fwimming half cloo’d eyeo, and darting tongue, — The doubeful groaning feb, the melting gufh, She'll drown the fenfes all in liguid love. a. a _ During her flare of innocence, eer love dared venture on her virgin heart, ‘fre lived wich her fond parents, and poflefiag a deal of vivacity and wit, grew the pate ticular favourite of both. They induled her in all her little defires, and overlooked every faule. She was remarkably fond of an uncle that lives near Charing Crofs, (had the not known thae uncle, fhe might perhaps have {till been a maid) and fpene the chief of ber time there s he took in lodgers, among’ the mrmbh@e wae an nemnroe wpm apie mam am. Virginity) allauied her maiden heart, nor urged in vain, diffembled love a too eafy entrance gained, her fluttering heart the first imprefiion caught, and thought. the man fhe loved as much as her lover, (fo eafily is lust hid by hypocrify,) he eafily enticed her to a play, which rouzed all her. feelings, from thence to a bagnio, where. wine foon broughe her to the wifhed for pitch, up went the linen, away flew the Claret, and good bye faid the maidenhead. No fooner had our heroine tasted the tree of life, and thoroughly fele the divine fenfation without pain, but her officer abandoned her, and’ fhe her parents; if ever fhe regretted the ttep fhe had taken, it could not be long 3 now, however, fhe has entirely lost it, and is the quintefilence of life, wit, and good-humour; now in her nineteenth year, light hair, fine blue eyes, and was born exactly mid-way, bee twixe Brobdignag and Lilliput. Two pounds two is the admittance fee. Mifs D—ck—s, No. 4, York Siree?, Sueew Arn Stree, Kafe. So clear the feems, did not ber fable hair Eelipfe her eyes, there’d be no looking there. This pretty female cruizer feldom fails making a prize of every man of cvar fhe takes into pors, for no man, if ever fo avaricious, if he then had ic in his power, could poffibly refufe chis well deferving girl any demand; for during the amorous contest, her whole frame is at once engaged, nor is there ohe part that does not feem to partake of the blifs, and he must be a fenfelefs mortal, indeed, that does not feel «i/ the raptures mutual confaé is - able to give. A corpulent attorney, noe far from St. George’s-fields has been long a favourite of this wanton git], and we may venture to fay, will be fo no longer than his payments. continue punctual. Her complexion, eyes, and hair, united, from the pleafing brunette; her age exs ceedeth mot nineteen years, and for 3 X eare not for the world’s tart reproaches, Give me fine liv’rieos and {plendid coaches. Whis lady bears a strong refemblance co the most celebrated beauty on the town, as fuch it were almost fuperfluous to fay chat her perfon is elegant, her feacures regular, her eyes captivating, her teeth charming, and thae her coral lips follicie a thoufand and a thoufand kiffes. She is faid to he in keeping by a gentleman, whofe name fhe is known by, and who keeps the houfe fhe lives in on purpofe for her, fhe is therefore obliged to keep pretty constanly ac home, whilst he is in towh, and fhe never receives any meflages or mandates from Bagnios. In thofe intervals, when her friend is at his villa fome distance from the capital, the fhines with great fplendour at all public places. Her converfation is lively and entertaining, which, added to her pre-e fent fituation and corporeal attractions, fhe thinks intitles her, to ac Jeast a bankmote. Xt ig not many months fince fhe Qh CELI WA oer | wo Ei GV 2 AIS fhe is yet quite a young woman.’ Mrs, Ale—n, No. 4, Grefs Séreef, Rathbone Place. I find thy practice on the stage of love, What woefwi difference in the men are found, A dancing master first his paffiom movy’d, And country dancing did my virtue wound. A Surgeon next, with knife and lancet arm’c> By flattering tales, with burning kiffes mix’d, Affay’d my heart, and all my fenfes charm’d 5 For in the centre was his Leacet fix’do A fweet Confectioner, the third in place, Fele deep che influence of my pointed charms § Declar’d im raptures, “twas a heav’gly face, And, dyiag, found a heav'a within my arms. e A Son of Circumcifion was the last, Whofe weighty pocket fampt him worthy friend, He call’d me Trifer, e’er a month was pate’d, And now on public kindoefs I depend.. CIWOD UCU Masdretu he MUQ esl g WEIN) GUNMEAS Udo wonderous adroitnefs and addrefs, had shee (or quickly aster did) wriggle himfelf into ber favour; he had not long been bleffed with his Adonis, but fatiety rook place, and he lest her in town: to purfue che practice of beart winning. Immediasely aster his departure, partly follicited by inclination, and partly promored by neceflaty, the made her first cay on the pubkie road of pleafure, but, being unhackneyed in the ways of the gown, fhe at first met with no great fuccefs, coatinuing a long time in the stage of low proficution, bestowing her favours chiefly on. the lowest clafs, 'till a difeafe, mcidental to her manner of life, obliged her to be private, during which time fhe contracted an intimacy with a gencles man of che faculty who, aster reheving her from the fmart of thofe nettles, which, by her ill-fortune, fhe had been fung with in the garden of Venus, lived in a flate of intimacy aa:' bappinefs, for fome time; but:a variety (che foul of life) beine r:.. Survean’a S| = Se Ye ewod w qg ve wi o T woe Ue o O —vuwe we SO So G e NOS DE oe o S al threw her into the arms of a Mr. S—-h, a retailer of fweetmeats in the city, whofe infatuation was fo great, he not only cook her to his bed, bue likewife intro= duced her into his fhop. During their amorous reveries, whilst the playful blind © god. had taken pofleffion of his heart, in building aerial castles, they estiniated their clear profits at 150 pounds per ann. This fum was to be laid by annually, bur, being mistaken in their calculation, their golden dreams proved ideal, and at ‘Jag they were obliged-co quit the fhop: Again our heroine was ag large, -and: ruminating on the uncertainty of happtpefs in this life, the luckily fell in the way of one of the sribe of Levi,. a Jew of immenfe fortune, well known, in the hundreds of Drury, and the environs of Covene Garden, by the appellation of the Baron, whofe frozen. blood required Christian youth, and animation to make ic flow with an amorous current,and deare Jy loving a cit-bic, took our lady iato’ keeping; bur, finding fhe would nog: a A a times Christian vifitors, he turned her off, and reduced her again to tread the public path for fupport; where fhe now remains, excepting whem her good friend Mr. H > is with her, which ts not fo osten as to fearce ever hinder hep from earning 4 guinea from a chance. vificors: She is of a middle fize, well. made, and a good complexion, wish fine dark eyes, and hair, Sse has very good teeth, bus they ave bid by fuch oa MACOMm Oes pair of lipa, that we cannes ezecount for, uniefo hes motos took fréghs at @ Blaek. 7 Mifs Boks, No 8, Gafile Séreat, Reawaen 887908. 7 Thee Veauo love's fir ewiakler of the tty, Thou art her far, in goldem radiance gay. A, Linen Draper, at a fmall distance from town, has been the keeper of this Jady fome time 3 af any of our readers are BEI AMISH AUER SS SUIGOLLAGYD = LBD IG proficient in the arc, then will the receive him with open arms, and Jofe-her foul in love. She has long been a vilic tor of fpoutiag clubs, and loves to exe nibie, which fhe does with the true emuine cedance of a city apprentice. hates she manthat cannot:rattle out 2 fpeech from every play he has feen e Sed. She is about -ninetsen, end her Geure is good, with a fine open countenance, black eyes, and beautiful azched eye-brows, dark hair, and very geod eeeth, fine {welling breasts, which, dursog her paroxifm of {pevung, rife and fall ineruc theatric taste s. lower down, is a mofs-covesed /pousing room, in which, only one visitor is fuffered to appear at.a me, and retires as. foon as he has given ta his apinions the prefident, which ig Rot common, is likewile door-keeper to this room, and receives paymene just before your departure.. If you have two guineas of another coin to fpare, the owner of the room will not refufe it. me EE QE OIE INNA AIL NSIS worry Sobo a vo vow Pe] eae My Emily’s bluth gave the rofe its deep bloom, ler breath caught the violec its richest perfume, The lilly fair thief, when pluck’d by her hand, From thence stole ics fostnefs as if by command. K——’s good fortune has brought her s number of admirers, fome of. whom have taken her into keeping; but whether her inconstancy, or their circumstances, was the caufe, we won’e pretend to fay; as fhe never remained in that state long. ler eyes are a fine blue, and replece with all che fire the amorous /port{mas ean with, who, for a fingle guinea, may dilcharge his piece under as delightful a cover as the wanton graces ever: fporsed in. She is about twenty years ot age, and faid to be the favourite of a certain limb of the law, whofe name the now goes by. ae VY YM UE ew UP EOS Eee el O88 ee eee Hee beauty without art must fure prevail 5 For fuch radiant charms can never fail. Mifs B——tt is reported to be the daughter of a gentleman in the phyfical profeffion. She is about eighteen years of age, fhore in stature, bur genteel, poffeffing a very pretty face, which feems to be ail her own, an uncommon cafe in her profeffion. Her complexion is very fair, and fhe feems ambitious to improve it, if any improvement from carmine. Her teeth are fine and regular, which fhe takes no fmall pains to difplay upon every occafion. Mifs B—t is a high fpirited lively companion and father nice in her connections; neverthelefs Mr. F ——k the attorney cao bring her to the ground, and lay hee upon her back without ceremony, or ene quire her price; but then it is faid he al= lows her a monthly stipend, which is paid her the first day of ever Junar revo‘luecion > {in ghar Qo hac mr mannlnm oe ananaouaouuu QDQu Q0Qq”Qqqqqqqeeee e S Winfs H—m—le—a, No. 16, Unies Séreck, Niddlefex Hopital. The fuow-white {mock which S—y wears, For-cleanlinefs must fuit ye, Since 2¢-16 made of fine lawn, To hide each dazziing beauty 3 Through which your eye may faintly {py Her be!ly and her back 3 Wer limbs are straight, and all is whice, Bue chet which fhould be black. A manufacturer of quibbles and de cnurs is the particular favourite of S—s who has just made her entry into the eighteenth year. Nature has bestowed apon her a very good complexion, which the cakes not a little pains in improving, would fhe but endeavour to divett herfeltf cof low ralk and manners as much, fhe would be far more agreeable. She hooks much be czhen in a feriows humour, der the dilagreeable necefiity of expoling a fer of ceeth noc ac all co her advantage. She is tall and chin,. wish fair hair, and pleafing blue eges; and confidering her liecle experience in the game, which fhe. has now practifed only Gz months, is 4 golerable good hand, and which, fhe is ever ready to renew ata very moderate premium; but we would ever advife heg followers to-obferve, firt, if che Lawyer, (Mr. C—-n) is ac home, ‘as otherwife, perkaps he may meeg with a repulle, Mifs Gr—nt, No. 4, Boltoz Street, ~ Phecadilly, * Take lufcious,. curling nue brown hats, 7 Which fands on belly high, a ' Does like a fumpeubus arch appear, Aad grows from thigh co thigh. ' For one pound one our charmiag girl distribures her world of beauties; fhe is: quite che nut-brown: lafs, now ju av fhe cannos be ranked in the frit clafs of beauties (when her semper is in a compofed state) fhe is quire the agreeable pretty girl, and condefcendingly goodmatured, The general ravager of beauty has lest rather too many dells; buc her eyes, which ase of a love-piercing darkmefs, and beam with a most languifhing kindness make amends, in bed the is. most eagerly wanton, and will fcarce fuffer the neceflary inviting preludes to take place; bue fhe in general takes care to Ihave the one thing needful properly prepared, and chen if you are not expeditic Ous in your mounting, St. George must follow, Nor has the the least defire of fufpending the liquid sréafure, bue cager for the blifs, drives forward, till nature herfelf gives a clofe to the fcene; fhe widbes to receive shree Convincing proves of your manhood before fleep, and will ule every love—inviting means to proeure it, the fofe hand, the nimble wrist, the pouting lip, the darting tongue, and the bufcious {queeze, are af once ema ae ee a. ae —-_ ane: a ae a a And cheat the lazy hours, Whilst ——each nighe fwees pleafing thing, My fenfes overpow’rs. The greatest allurement, this offspring of Venus can‘claim, is her youth and her movelsy in the cyprian promenade, being mow only feventeen, and in public prace tice only eleven months; and being untucored in the ways of the town, she just pofiefles chat pleafing medium between modesty and. freedom chat makes amends for every other imperfection, We would therefore adyife rhe cyprian adventurer, if he feels a defire of vifiting this lady, fo graufy his wifhes foon, ¢’er time, the destroyer of female charms, obliyves her to «read in the more common paths and renders callous chofe feelings that.at pre-' fene are fo exquifitely toned to amorous fenfibilicty and wanton defire. Her complexion isfair; her stacure-is fhort, and inclineable to be lusty, her hair. dark, and eyes a dark fprightly hazel; her temper very warm, and hasty, which a guinea foom makes cool and calm again. <SRYO O Oh, how happy is thae loves, That does my pleafing groz difcover;. Thus while he dies beeween my-thighs,., V1 kifo till all che pleafure’s overs _A fiery. difpostion,. lake this lady’Sos fhould be cownterpoifed by fome partic cular. brighenefs im her perfen, whieh in fome meefure- is: she cafes. but: wer mutt advife the hay yourh,. whole pate fons are wound up by Bacchus, to prow ceed. with fome cawtiog in.. this lafs’s prefence,. as fe will nos bear any. jndes cent behaviour, theugh covered by ther appearance of a genckeman 3. nog is ite @o be wondered at, as fhe has mot yot been twelve months on the town. IHetfeatures, if taken feparately, are not. very firiking, buenature lias fo: unifesmly: blended them, that, taken conjunchvely, make her @ fair, agreeable looking beaue ty, which, for cwo pounds tsyo fhillings; will permit you co Meep- by her fide the: whole mraohe. She in abour enebeeen— wee NS A: pretty lissle gisk, bor. a muddling: plecé, affects to be lewd with. a cutomer. ‘Bue o8 accoude of a young Bankers flv. ' pend of five guimeas per week, fees but: few arc hese,her hours when-he ts sway being generally taken up by a Specigelejew, who is now quite the Ton among. the lower order of the frail &ferlvoods her price moderate, but expences: large, by. dealing confidetably im the liquor trades oe RA rs. D—by, ‘No; §3, Queen: LEB SSTECh 5. N% novice in dhe works of amorous fpore,;., She's erly qualified for Venus’s cours, r ' Fhis is a liede fhort woman, above: thirey cwo,. with weak.eyes, and carroty.. hair, though fhe may be faid to havepated che bloom of youth, the fill rec. tains charms futhciente to’ pleafe any maa.. eae 1e'n Ar Ower delicate and renitireae a fion of fuch a quantity, as may afford Gelight co her-numerous admirers. Indeed, they all fay fire is extremely advroite in the various walks of her profeffion, and that half a guinea cannot be better laid ove than upon Mrs, D———=y. Milfs H—lb—ry, No. 14, Goodge-Preet. Thio picafone vineyard io wel) Ror’d with Fruie, ‘And many a plane here hao caken root. This young lady is finely- made, with a prepoflefiing countenance, exprefiive dark eyes, fine hands and arms, and proclaims che woman of confequence: fie for the first rate company, into, which fhe is-osten introduced. WNeverthelefs, having got the better of chat maxvai/e house, with which our Jadies are fo much accufed, with what reafon it is difficule to fay, thé is carelefs about her expreffions, and neither fhudders at a doable. entendre, or trembles at a fingle enten-. oiaht ~ ees chee a 8 Nt) —— aio), oe ONES got over the first imprestion, he found that her tongue was attuned to more airs than ones but fhe never admits either of her mouths tobe play’d with for lefs than two guineas. She appears very genteel, and is fuppofed to be in keeping by a Mr. G ce of Duke Street, Se James's. ‘ Milfs Bl—fs, No. 10, Upocr Fobw Strect, ossenhanm Cours Road. Were you, ye fair, but cautious whom ye trust, Did you bur know how feldom fools are juk 3 So many of your &x would not in vain, OF broken vows, and faible men complains, The lovers of the fair fex will hege meet with enjoyment, a fafe and genteel reception, and that very reafonable. There are many agreeable érasts in this Jady’s charaéter. She ts affable and police, and is laid to be of a very generous Avfanheinn. A taneerame nee fhe made SP ——=—ov TSE OE eee =—_ Oe || ii ———a Vea éw Se NM e S » the menial fituation of being a petsicoas penfioner, 1 which vocation be continued for feveral months, til at lengeh he took On opportunity of stripping her, while fhe was one night at a bagnio, of all her cloaths, and what licele plate fhe wa. poffefied of; which circumstance has much reduced her, and compelled heg to fubmit co the most moderate terme. for temporary exigencies. She isa little dark itl, well-made, and the’ nog handfome, hao every other iaticing se complifhiment. ° | eee SSS Onpord Recds oe Could Mie bud fraile, She'd ruia all mankind, This lady is preeey when the does not frawa, to whieh fhe is-much addisted, Fler complexion is dark, her hair dark Ihenaoum O Ol amel Ober) pee hardaring wnmam WICKER BUG BASLE BNE VG Al G S73 WAG the feldom fmiles.to difplay them to, ads vantage. She is, neverthélels, a fine woman, and well worth her price, which is ac leat cero guiness. As fhe 6 not now above twenty, fhe may; probably, as fhe attains more maturity, difcover her error and remedy it—for a frowning beauty is a keind of {dléciim in the gram mar -of delight. Alcho’ has not been much: above -eleven months upon the town, theis a tolerable proficient in her profeffion 3 fhe is very fond of dancing, and may be generally met. with at the. Hop in Queen Street, Golden Square. OSTEEB Almighty love, how powerful is thy reign, The good, the brave, the wile all own thy fevay 3 The porent lord confeffes thy va domain, And e’en his Daves co thee their homage pay, Bue chiefly chou the Britifh hero fires, When fluth’d with wine, with yellow Plutus blest He gives a leofe to all his lewd defires, Aad leaves relu€tanrly his am’rous guest. Sixteen enlivening fprings did this tempting girl remain in a state of pure virginity, atlength, nature, feeling woman growing apace, refigned her maiden treafure co a Mr. S———h; near a twelvee month has paffed fince that critical period, during which time, Mr. S has proved himfelf a particular friend, and would, we believe, be a still greater, cowd this amorous girl reconcile herfelf to constancy, which at prefent, the feems a {worn foe co; take her perfon, fhape, and air, and conjunttively chey make her a very alluring girl; hercomplexion, with its united appendages, 7 99 9 2. y ae | aan VV dg ABe WAG GBOW YISE GBC GY VU VY O teous reader, apd wifh him every fuccefs that youth, health, love, and wine can pofibly infpire him with; hoping, at the fame time, that they will chrow a friendly veil over all che uaavoidable errors that may have happen’d in this work, and excufe that difagreeable tautology, which for want of other words, we are necefitated to make, and not to be difpleas’d if they find the fame ladies in this list that appeard before in other names; for, as their refidence is chang’d as osten as their. names, itis almost impoflible but fome fuch mistakes must happen; and hope that the attention that is aow paid to the procuring the best and most refpectable, will wipe off every other blot. We likewife take leave of the ladies, and are particularly happy to think tha¢ what was formerly feen in the eyes of cur world a difgrace, is now confidered pleating, delightful, and honourable.